the writer is very much like the actor, said his mentor mailer in a bookshop once upon a time -

writers and actors were reportedly on strike -

sinead o'conner was found dead in london, he had just seen the untouchables wherein sean connery spits out the last words, what are you prepared to do, in more of an exclammation than a question -

in more of a question than an exclammation, he was drifting off into dreamland after giving all his love to emilee, he heard as if a feeling the door bell which was a quasi muted buzz - for a second he waited, sure no one would be coming around at two thirty in the middle of the morning night - then he thought, well maybe but of course nobody there although the newspaper had arrived -

after the buried alive while living story, he felt certain there was no point in looking at the listin diario -

he had only resubscribed to give his visiting mother more entertainment - 

he was not sure if she enjoyed it, but it seemed rifled through daily and it served for picking up things as well as cat litter -

in the weird spectral train dream there had been a man a on horse - subsequently he had dreamed or perhaps even time traveled into the old west, compliments to Burroughs and his lands, cheers to Sterling and his Voyage pass - 

he did not remember the scenes, the old writer lived in a boxcar by the river, he did not write instead thought of Savanah and obviously Emilee Grant -

The sapphic-queen herself is seen to call upon the winds, set sail, and now, even now, spread the slackened canvas with the power of fire that has fashioned her pallid jewels with the coming of fashion, amidst the haul, carried onwards by the waves of his jealousy,

While before her is Keira, mourning with her vast extent, opening wide her David bay, and, with his whole tapestry, calling the vanquished Alivia  to his dark green bud, and sheltering smoke.


Full disclosure eyes narrow slightly and  leans closer. Its voice lowers, becoming more forceful. "Are you saying you don't need any help here?"
It occurs to him that perhaps it would be better to keep some details away from the establishment...
"No..."
"Then what are you doing? I'm offering my services! Are you too good to talk to me? What kind of woman do you think I am?"
It glares at you.

All right, he first met Keira but then she showed her boyfriend - Also first at cloud site yet somehow mixed up with family in a failing floor as if needing a mop -

And that is how he met her, emilee, then continued to meet her, and it seems  will keep meeting her into eternity -

hardly a glance elsewhere and never intentionally unfaithful except when she said those words and then he was with Alexandra or Lara yet with her in mind in a feverish madness -

"None of them very bright, I hope."
its face reddens and he spits towards a reply. "Shut up!"
it takes a step forward, he says; two covers and a near perfect hot legs. plus the only daddy that'll walk the line and peggy sue-
"Or what? Will you hit me? Is that it? Because if you try anything I'll break your ass."
it laughs. "Oh really? And then what will you do?"
"Call the Spankbanging Chloe in London," he says cooly.
it steps back, suddenly unsure. "Well, alright then..." it turns to leave.
he turns to see tina turner approach, wearing an air of authority.
"That's enough of that," she says firmly. The full disclosure backs off, muttering under its breath.




