I had been up a few hours but it was already early evening. There were only two certainties within me; the phone would not ring other than wrong numbers, hounds disguised as heroes, or perhaps prerecorded messages on due or paid bill - and that there would be no knock at the door other than from people I did not want to see. This would of course narrow down to simply the knowledge that nobody would call or visit after say ten or eleven in the evening. 

With an exception of say a delivery of a meal or money sent to pass the time. Necessary evils even if the meals were disappearing as the economy refused to make sense.

In other words, I was alone. Alone with a cat that had taken to eating only if I made a personal appearance. 

As I settled down to write type and tell, A Catholic procession processed itself down the desolate streets in preparation it seemed for the holy week. 

I could not truly stand another noise, religious or not, and put placed Rachmaninoff's symphony in c sharp which is hauntingly beautiful but i needed something louder...ah Brubeck's Golden Brown on a loop...

I had not written for a day or two after dreaming i was walking down from Amsterdam to some Columbus Deli and therein ordering a ham and cheese sandwich. 

For many perhaps most it would not be strange but I felt it strangle me as if someone else had been wearing my clothes and I caught a glimpse, as if  there was something about me up for grabs in the raffle lottery of the baffled lot. 

That day was shot. Hollow. It still holds as within I could recognize its pattern from another scene. Horror. To marry or purchase property as if it were the keys to next of kin. 

Myself, I had been seduced by Emilee but since that weirdness I felt more removed from her in the hunting worry that  we had become targets - Aim - I considered removing myself on purpose from trying to preserve or protect her but I was useless as we were so entwined each moment away from the thought her was pure misery and I wanted nothing else. 

The weight of the slightest task buried me with a prepackaged burden of oh well what is the point of doing anything at all -

Even in the write type I could feel that wound which does not even want to eat after five hours of being awake. 

The wound is confusion and although knowing how I feel somehow there is a wild frenzy which frees itself from hints and hisses to unleash the havoc of doubt within me and perhaps her as well...

Some people will stop at nothing to bring you down to their ground floor groove. Envy to make even the sinister dance of the minister's total war make sense. 

With me and without me - seen and unseen -  so ok, there were instead three certainties and my phantasy of her was the third chord of that ballad. 

Perhaps, she hated me as she hated men - I had surely felt her sister's disdain earlier as I tried to gain insight into her present emotion or situation. 

I could not blame anyone for distrust, not in this era or any other epoch for that matter -

I proceeded with my hermit's honed tone and poured out the fatal potion against the men between us -

I had yet to decide how to preclude the women against us -

In the next dream a woman lay naked her sex holes lined up in front one thumb sized the other nearly fist sized - Marilyn Manson had cut two strands of my hair - I was going to make love to her there asleep but only pressed myself against the fist sized cave and then placed my hand on it to which she exclaimed not like that - In speaking I thought well not an alien and awoke - 

All of this possibly proves that love and madness go hand in hand - 

I could not wash her away, my love, not the bizarre dream - perhaps it all went hand in hand with the lack of water in my apartment - 

As i drained the week old water silvered with grey remnants of dirt I found a drowned lizard - 

There wasn't enough to fill it and I sighed again thinking of her and later the worms that had come before as if the jacuzzi were a grave and the strange little fly that i had also fished out a few days before -

I was not dead and never would be but I made no shortcuts for the fact that people die.  That is of course excluding art. An artist cannot die for he carries already the tears of the arts in antiquity, his own, and even the future. 

I knew my future, I knew it exactly- I would period this paragraph, prepare the pasta, and muse over a film starring Jean Harlow.