I was partly puzzled with a chance of poetic despair as the minutes crawled away from midnight and headed towards one. 

West coast ten, Asia noon.  

I did not want to drown within my own egomaniacal sentiments of selfish desires and yet what else was there?

You will say, me. And to some extent, I might agree, yes you. 

Even so, the matter resolves itself in you being so distant while myself, the proverbial i, sits like a revolution against anti-individuality.

Here, eastern standard time. 

Allow me a moment of introduction - I am writer, a possible poet that is trapped in the usual haunting schemes when the pen or pencil has been exhausted and refilled, when the publications become obvious and he can no longer pour out his blood in shot glasses, he can no longer escape the big picture scheme old testament new world order doublespeak dance of the invisible regime. 

Once in a while, he is not even aware of having been possessed except in Jokeresque sequences when laughter instead of tears make it evident.

He knows then the danger, dead Bram they travel fast, half a thought turns into a speech for judgement through the ages even if it was manipulated or coerced. 

This is not about good or evil, as with live Friedrich, it is beyond either, but I digress fearing I have already lost the unexperienced portion of my readers -

For the rest, if I am puzzled why should not you be as well? And so not a novel but a jigsaw magnetic and magical. 

Heed however, if you fear death do not proceed. 

I have already faced it and abhor the bitterness about my face that has come with it in trying to protect my love you see as the second name implied the abyss looks right back at the seeker. 

Magnetic jigsaw puzzle the pieces slithering to any near metal object sharp or not cold or hot -

(prelude, these notes started with a character that only much later I found somehow combined with th very foes I desperately wanted to escape - nothing perhaps to do with the charcter but as it happens let us say with big government trying to police the world because of side effect cause domino spill over enviornmental infiltration et cetera - a similar occurence happened once upon a time while writing a screenplay as I noticed  it was bleeding from external events, in that case a loan neiher mine nor a character - so even as i insist on writing - it is clear that it might be only an attempt, a failure even if there is already enough for a novel or at least a novella, breakfast not lunch but I have already miles of dinners to make even the most critical reader moan in delight...)

I had awoken twelve hours earlier, attacked by some combination of cruelty mixed with elements of a short story I had recently browsed concerning a self-described ridiculous man - a nearly alternate antichrist, but as I tend to do with hecklers and hacks I dismissed those elements like a common cold, oh come on, i need not prove a thing given that I am the writer among other sights and sounds indeed it is 2023 and the last cold that dared dance about me was coughed on by nearness to a sick man circa 2008 - with end credits fading out in only a few days.

yet, this sort of gets us off track and albeit fiction, i do not intend to employ the tricks of the trade for your attention  except when i cannot help it - as with that flashback with numbers - 

1937, I suppose that will be the start of here, a star died then, the year of guernica and the eight minute solar eclipse -

Meet me there in the timetravel chapter two.