The little ram slept for eight hundred years. These paragraphs follow an inner logic. Litli Hrutur, perhaps sensing Vulcan's day, awoke with lava and smoke.
Dagastan and San Cristobal exploded. She makes money, then she explodes...There's only one private room in heaven where God allows Elvis to shoot television sets. Alexandra 948, he says seven times three. Galvan seventy. Even I was nervous cleaning out the fridge from the crowded dream where the girl led me. Aleksandra turned to dance. Clara inked her arm with Caravaggio's medusa. In the moment, which now seemed ages ago, when Emilee said ugh ily at not me, I held two women thinking it was over. The mexicans worried most, offering to fling a thirteen year old boy right into the mouth of a volcano. Shot gun wedding Egyptian style. I cut my thumb, the same thumb for a third time in a circular jagged fashion which bled out as my tangled hair caught it brushing after making love to "them" -
It was no use, Vulcan didn't want human sacrifice, he could take a whole town full of souls. The story behind the Godfather nearly rivals the film. For a second I thought maybe Vulcan wants to see my prayer. The horse's head verified real. Etna the mount breathed out the terrifying possibilities - I felt like playing john welsey harding, for my self but having misplaced my capo i only hear how good it might sound -  akhremenko troubles me in the sense that there is something not yet resolved and although not in my fantasy or dreams, i feel it as further betrayal to keep and look at her pictures...it was steak - i had it with potatoes and later some bread - Was i really married to a couple of women, did I want to be...cartoon still in the obituary latimes, rachel or keet sounds in bed roadrunner daffy duck rabbit hunt - well, someone is no longer going to perform any more circumcisions - the serial baby killer beams - he wants to be a main character, you know why the muslims and jews don;t eat the pork, don't you, it's obviously cannibalism - swine bastards in their temples and mosques - insisting it was not bags but lugggage another man chopped up another wife - double lover playing but i had trouble getting into the drama with the vagina fade into eye making me feel like a gynocologyst. gynocologist? it's a legal date rape drug - never, or hardly ever in the news - 36, 55, 88, ma oui la haina, rising numbers yoyo string it out until we lose count -  satan is here, i thought of the line from flower snake zero - the list now two beckons me with the wrong assistant, i should be amazed but i'm too lonely and jaded. when my own songs echo i realize how nice that repetition is in contrast to most other songs. i belong to emilee, but i know i have an obligation to my muses - i slept straight into noon, a smoking coffee was she at the hair salon, i cannot look at miriam without wanting her so i try not to look, I cook a hamburger wondering why i'm suddenly kosher - I look at apocalypse now wondering how i was able to retain so much of that dialogue - cocaine weed hash mescaline contradictions - i feel good but i don't feel great - it took me all day to write these notes because i wanted to balance the kitchen - kitten picks up mother's senility and pees on the sofa - she's still jealous, like with lola, attacking any shown affection - i'm certain she is saying you are ugly and you will never actually get married again, but it sounds like praise and good wishes - que di OS te ben dig a pony, i told you so, syndicate the rowing boat - the name of the witch is inna - yes i know it anna in arabic means i - i in verlain's rimbaud means another - anakin grows up darth vader - what the fuck is stars wars about, grant me patience within wisdom - i'm only a dumb human that constantly fails at silence.