The mile wide American town was torn away by a tornado after the French elbows and faces were broken when I settled in to start these notes, well to restart them.

Nothing, although some will argue over taxes and death, is certain in life.  In fact, it might be a dream or illusion. 

I certainly felt, if not knowledge then at least the time-tested fact, that there would be no phone call or knock at the visiting door. 

Excluding the obvious, I mean in terms of something - anything actually desired. Not in terms of dietary or financial necessities. 

I had not looked at that side of the fence, yet in doing so it seemed clear to me that there was some contradiction or perhaps even condemnation...

Not hiding and often even generously inviting although yes not directly but with precise hints. 

I dare say, if you give someone your phone number...well, let me not be too obvious,

How many days, weeks, months...ahem, years.

Years ago Jean Harlow played a sudden Duchess and it seemed to me that I was out of tune with the present time. 

Hell's angel in dream said the blessing is from Satan.
I kneel down and lower my head, perhaps thinking of Emilee's photograph as a child with a bandaid across one side of her face. The light glows around the figure in the dream and I step out of the Mosque to a street where a woman is walking a hound.

Behind the times, is that it? Don't get me wrong, I do not actually think it over so much or even worry but even stupidity will admit that it is strange. 

Therefore, fiction. Still, stranger than fiction. An infection alike the daily news that continually tries to fix and flex over the previous day's nuance or nudity.

Nobody prays for Satan and - it seemed to me - nobody cared for a town in deep south Mississippi but I kept returning to myself with the haunting disturbance that twenty six people had instantly vanished and yet I could enjoy my meal, watch a film, dream about Emilee, and carry on as if the dead had no right be mourned. 

Morning came in the middle of the night, strangled not with eggs and bacon but rather a nearly incestous resonance that danced through my dream and persisted as if family meant forced coexistance.

Having spent so much time alone, however, it was impossible for me to decipher what it meant as was the endless mystery of how to balance a phantasy in thought with the so many others that swirl in the mind's eye. 

Coffee and cigarettes, I feed the cat, Sunday as quiet as a funeral after party rolls through a fine edit knife soon sugar spoon poetry fork smoke tines.  

four, forty, four hundred puppets echoing words of destruction of self destruction four million trying to escape the truth or even make it mine - 

But I am ahead of the curve, perhaps i invented the curve...

eight eighty eight hundred dolls still wanting silk of sex of satisfaction eight million trying to orgasm as if priest police or even a crime in me -

I apologize for not being sorry, for remaining true to my own bliss and these remnants of my yet growing talent. 

This novel is about witchcraft and the magic circles of women and love and eternity.