dateline nineteen october, it was still, somehow summer, some bitches were still wearing bikinis...

the solar eclipse signaled that even the universe was announcing the end of whatever the writer would wind up calling these scattered notes - start again-
don't look back, don't look up - nose to the grindstone.

producers didnt require an entire script to go into into production, yeah he knew that even this chaos had seen the light camera action -

but now, as war itself went into production, he gave up - having made himself a target by supporting israel and then confusing most folks by contradicting his stance - he could now only call it a mess and he did, peace was further than it had ever been and although he wanted in some ways to find a truce he well knew the only truth was the blatant destruction of the opposition - otherwise, there would be no israel - benny sat with the american blunder machine in stark contrast to vlad sitting with the asian emperor - nobody, although some protested and marched, could help - much less save palestine - he watched as people cheered the destruction of gaza - he watched as the propaganda cycle whirled at light speeds - dizzy from it all even dreamless a week went by and then he was certain - last page. 

he viewed the conference, yes, there had to be a final solution - the nazi regime in his mind was two years shy of their plan - he could see both sides now holding their own conferences - how to eliminate this endless battle? the only thing he knew for sure was that he did not want to cheer death or killings - that had been his breaking point, what was he doing? was he even a jew? but now, having stood with the jews, it didn't matter and obviously the final solution was indeed to eradicate the palestinian from the state of israel - hell, most of the land had already been seized - 

in short, no way out. in his case he did have a way out, at least out this manuscript - 

he started a couple of screenplays and enrolled in the novel in  a month - employing an ai model which poured out suggestions at his command - 

for the record, he felt sure that since this technology had been available since the 1979 there could be little doubt that a lot of mass media had been produced in this fashion - he also felt sure that he was a step or two behind other writers that had already trained models to spill out in certain styles...

as for this printing, well there was no sign of a happy a ending, there wasn't even a sign for any type of financial deal or gain - simply scenes to be edited -

as he lit a cigarette in front of the faceless fan an ember of ash flew into his right eye, the last time he thought about adding a note here, yes that day, the day  after cooking a burger only to have a scalding drop of oil visit the same eye - the eyes have it, three's company all right stop shooting - enough olives!

luck can only last so long - as he settled into  this very finish line, the mechanism jammed, the password was not found, the log in at the mail server had to be repeated, then the software had to be updated all right all right he can take a hint, sort of -

he feels no failure here, he only feels accomplishment. 

did all he could for his dear readers past present and future leaving with a promise to put place it all together in a coherent perhaps linear sculpture. 

the end.
-inky