saturday - i get up with her in my thoughts - the day starts to escape as soon as i see it is eight oclock. 

perhaps, she is on her way to work, i think, as the dreams vanish in the rising smoke and coffee start up nine oclock.

beyond myself, absent. 

yet there must be some inclination - some impulse - an itch to scratch at the blank page - no. nothing. 

removed from nature in one app to another and news and a sort of deafness that cannot hear my own want.

yesterday, i wanted to get rid of the points at the shop down the road. callous call standing half an hour waiting back and forth calls what is the name of the street - which side of the street - 

down stairs the car came quick but not apollo he said paloma - the name of perhaps some nearby woman no daughter of picasso or ex wife of merengue singer - nobody i ever met or want to meet at this point -

fat ass woman walk out then another i turned away called again so car eleven zero three is not ever coming you are pulling my leg i called another company the red car right there as i rushed down again sprained my foot the pain like a thunder bolt up to my head - i breathed the car left, obviously an international prank - another call -  he claimed the building is not green although it is the only green awned building in site not to mention the adjecent street - turn here but he kept on for the long way around only to later apologize - some old broken down man that had been forced back to his cab - the economy, i tipped two cashiers that always treated me fairly with a nearly friendly manner -

i return worried about invasion - lies - missed understanding - identity theft- and fakes -

i tip the driver but more as a fuck you than anything else - even a gentleman has his limits -

like mother illness or no continually asking if the cat is dead - one can only imagine she is possessed by the very foes i wish to escape -

nancy santana scrabbled words frighten me, or is it why anny kept creeping into my thoughts -

nocebo thrilled me in a couple of ways - i heated up the rice and chicken - could not recall the last time i had beans - it was alright needed cilantro or oregano but still for a second i was content - 

although tormented by the situation previously stated and complicated by tom sizemore;s death -

im in it for the juice, line that was frequently turned over in my thoughts -

not even keira nipples unemilee'd me, then i saw she wrote two notes - but i had felt something more than words and it sort of soothed me even if sure there is no way back. 

i'm hungry now the rosemary is cooling, my hair feels dry without it - 

what would a regular person make of such a ridiculous cab experience - was it a message? a hint, an insult, a backwards applause? all i know is i was fine then felt trampled by the extra imposition -

the only thing i;m certain is of her, that is my feeling for her right through all the evident irony. 

post script, the building returns with a water schedule, there was one before and i expect this to be as unreliable as that one...funny how indeed history repeats itself - 

to decipher, the water has to be turned on for it to flow, that is when the city itself turns it on, a problem which they tried to solve with a well except it ran on electricity and the bill was astronomical so they shut it off after a few weeks- to even think of all the trouble it causes within an individual dwelling what with cleaning and bathing and dishes and plants all of which get the delay anyway today there was some flow from the tap but for a bit as if a hide and seek -
how i wish to never think of that contradiction in h2o within apartment h2.  