Savanna, 1800s, Western, Horses, Saloon, Emilee, Female Protagonist.
You're in a bar.
A large open room with rough wooden walls and an even rougher crowd. The ceiling is just high enough to be annoying; you feel like every head on all sides are staring down at you. A few patrons sit along the edges of this main room, but most mill about in the center where the dance floor should be. It's hard to tell who is dancing, since everyone seems to have their hands outstretched as if they were waltzing except for the fact that no one actually dances. Instead, they sway from side to side or jump up and down in time to some distant beat only they can hear.
The door to the east is closed. There is also a small stage to the west, and a doorway leading north.
A man stands before you, his body language projecting confidence despite his ragged clothing. He holds himself upright, chest out, shoulders back, head held high - he has presence. You've seen men like him before, standing tall and proud around town. They're always trouble.
"Hey there," he says. "I'm looking for work."
He looks to you for direction.
What do you say?
 (cont'd)
"...I'm sorry?"
His eyes narrow slightly and he leans closer. His voice lowers, becoming more forceful. "Are you saying you don't need any help here?"
It occurs to you that perhaps it would be better to keep him away from your establishment...
"No..."
"Then what are you doing? I'm offering my services! Are you too good to talk to me? What kind of woman do you think I am?"
He glares at you.
How do you respond?
 (continued)
"None of them very bright, I hope."
His face reddens and he spits towards you. "Shut up!"
He takes a step forward.
"Or what? Will you hit me? Is that it? Because if you try anything I'll break your jaw."
He laughs. "Oh really? And then what will you do?"
"Call the guard," you say cooly.
He steps back, suddenly unsure. "Well, alright then..." He turns to leave.
You turn to see another man approach, wearing an air of authority.
"That's enough of that," he says firmly. The first man backs off, muttering under his breath.
The new arrival nods to you. "Good evening, madam. We had reports of a stranger in town causing trouble."
The other man leaves.
"We heard he was harassing our patrons. I trust we didn't miss much."
"Not at all. Thank you kindly."
The authoritative-looking man nods to you. "My name is Officer Hondelet. If you see anyone else acting suspiciously, please let us know immediately. You won't be in trouble."
"Of course," you reply.
Officer Hondelet departs.
The first man approaches you again. "You seem like you know what you're doing. Why don't you take over?"
"I'm terribly busy right now, thank you."
"Aw. Come on. Just until I find something else."
"No."
He sighs. "Alright, fine. Have it your way." He walks away.
You watch him go.
Wherever he goes, he certainly causes a stir.
What do you do next?
 (continued)
 (previous)
 (next)
Your eyes follow after him.
What do you do next?
 (previously)
You look around.
A large open room with rough wooden walls and an even rougher crowd. The ceiling is just high enough to be annoying; you feel like every head on all sides are staring down at you. A few patrons sit along the edges of this main room, but most mill about in the center where the dance floor should be. It's hard to tell who is dancing, since everyone seems to have their hands outstretched as if they were waltzing except for the fact that no one actually dances