They only mention Patricia Douglas in the accounts of the infamous ranch party -

Whitewashed the exluded Ginger Wyatt - the mass orgy, she hailed from Wichita, Kansas -

herberger's high heeled ladies shoes; two dollars and ninety nine cents -

I wouldn't believe your dying confession _

“Before tea,” the New York Times reported, “Hitler showed his guests the house and grounds. They stood for some time on the terrace looking down into Austria, with the border town of Salzburg framed between the mountains.”

A three pound bag of supreme coffee at McCanns' for seventy five cents -

Yes, we'll be gone about six months -

a hundred and five cups guaranteed, think of it, thirty six eggs for eightynine cents -

What about cornflakes? sunnyfield package six cents!

depressed huh, spelled d-r-u-n-k...

half a pound of sliced  bacon for a dime. 

charmed, I'm sure - 

Zanuck said “The story line is wobbly and not clear,”

I will take this to the supreme court - 

Heather Addison said “critics found it sloppily constructed and Harlow appeared bloated due to her imminent kidney failure...”

if i had the wings of an angel...

production was over $1000,000, and it would cost more than double that amount to reshoot her scenes with another actress -

all you gotta do is sign on the dotted line -

For his next film, Zanuck refused to cast any other female lead; instead, he called suspended the deal, later casting Alice Faye - 

Two strong ponies and ten sheep;

The indians now guardians were beat by the bombers seven to three - once upon the blues then infants called the babes -

They live on cherries, they run wild—

in my dream, i sauntered between worlds my right arm across daria's shoulders but she didn't want to be seen following me at least not in her blazing pink miniskirt dress that seemed to glow brighter than the inside of a car plastered with pokeman cards - 

look at that o pee che centerfield dimaggio - we make seventy six cents per hour which is about thirty per week but you can mortgage a house for only a couple of thousand - 

i awoke reaching for emilee but encountered alivia perhaps from wearing her clothes, i have spent my entire life trying to be like her but she looks like loretta young - 

swirling back to sleep i was face to face with soraya and her father in some sort of twilight zone episode nothing is true everything is permitted since i am not sure how to explainify the nearness in names with some here nearby delia oh delia all the friends i ever had are gone - the pope has trouble breathing - 

"shoot ghandi and if that does not suffice to reduce them to submission shoot a dozen leading members of congress..."

are they using her daughter, is it my son - mein kampf well if you actually have not heard the man how can you say he is the bad guy - better hurry youtube has erased most that history already - 

i based my belief on marvin j chomsky, what more can there be, i still don't want to take a fucking bath!

as emilee orgasmed in my dirty bed she injected my penis with heroin leaving a sort of pimple where the needle pierced and i felt my body drift out of her as cats howled outside and i decided to ivory in the jacuzzi for a minute - 

obviously not content with her day slave, she wanted at least for the evening to control any sex action that might transpire 1937 or not- we prespired in going at it again before the sun rise as if vampires on an eternal curfew - 

a clear vision of the v-shaped elizabeth taylor passion perfume which i had taken along to the hotel when soraya got married - sandalwood smoked spice civet - launched in 1988 -

emilee admits to being a sort of perfume whore, in much the same way that i admit to being a word whore...

one of the best things she said, woman does anything then that must mean she is a whore...

the expression man-whore was vogue for while recently - 

partridge, A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English page 37 absent rider; a man who has not turned up for duty -

yes, i know soraya might well be zelda now as zelda's magic proves itself even marian as if a trinity maybe explaining my dual soles -

but this is a work in progress book, ahem, yes, i am the absent rider - somehow did not show up tonight - lost in a daze, in haze, after effects of heroin perhaps - 

i am teetotaler yet i feel the taste of munich ale from the time travel from the travel time dipsy doo wop bop oh wow man did you know the devil's advocate cost fifty seven million dollars to make and now you want to get picky finicky about fucking your sister come on -  all my friends know the low rider -

i argue that the movie quadrupled its expense at the box office earnings  -

i want monogamy - 

oh you want your mommy ?

No, i want what I said, what is wrong with you people?

You people, see i told you racist as fuck -

It was headline news but failed at two trials - if memory serves she was the overweight woman that haunted me as it seemed her whole world had become that las vegas apartment and that television - deceased november eleven -

two thousand and three skidoo flynt  bought lynch soldier sex pictures...

“If she had been raped there is no way she could have survived it. She was fighting for her life, her body was broken. What sort of an animal would even think of that?”

having seen the photographs, several men raise their hands. ahem.  the sexual psychopaths law or how many chapters two go all the way back around and up the ass?

"...we find, for instance, that of 1447 males arrested in 1937 for rape only 5.3 per cent had previous convictions of rape..."

I want, with this, not only to display some facts in a literary setting but to expand the definition of rap with an e to include the mind for what else would we term yelling and screaming at someone but assault?

Back in Wichita, former city politician was returned to office for a third consecutive term. The count? 100 votes cast.