irony tries to make friends with the author ; as the author thinks well yes that would be a nice design to attempt to recreate yet it would take so much work, irony presents him with a day long jigsaw puzzle in the form of two other sites he spent entirely too much time trying to adjust to his own ends without any specific goal in mind -  

still to have to pots and pans and dishes -

women must be stronger than men to have put up with this tradition for ages - he thinks, it is not frailty - he weighs it as a form of insanity or lack of intelligence...

the first few married girls should have well warned all the rest, all our daughters would be safer - 

he digresses - there are important matters at hand - piano concerto in c - the unusual appearance of rick astly's never gonna give you up down in a repo...

mae west at long last into the intensity of fair play - 

has anyone seen that confounded bridge...

three potatoes and a hamburger - tuesday's gone dream he was trying to escape in a futuristic landscape the details as blurry as drugged discotheque memories - 

tough guys don't dance - nobody is wise enough to get these same day headlines;

a.

7 suspects in killing of ecuador presidential candidate found dead in prison - byline samantha schmidt / diana duran 

b.
new york city mayor wraps  up latin american trip with call for 'right to work' for migrants in US - byline astrid suarez / manuel rueda 

it was a three country tour - veiled by the israeli declaration of war - scenes of para-gliding guerillas, naked women hostages - retaliatory buildings demolished - implication of iranian involvement - 

a world in fact divided in opinion - here is where everybody is equally wrong and right - thou shalt not key into such contradictions - 

here is where it is perfectly acceptable to be anti-semetic  and here is where what finally might end the farce in kiev - as ukraine is removed from all jihad headlines they even try to suggest the kremlin is behind the impossible breach which at this point has left over a thousand dead - 

after breathing it all in, he feels it is a last ditch attempt to give the nonsense american administration some sort of street cred - brains have fried trying to pronounce and sell kiev  as if the other vlad is not a puppet but some sort of christ hero while his wife drops millions in upscale shops for photoshoots in vogue - 

dude, they wouldn't kill jews to cover up a stolen election - insert list of companies that paid for the third reich - 

they would kill your children, boss, and do, to maintain the illusion that the transportation system in moscow is a mess - or that we can only handle, collectively, hit songs by the same artists for a given period of time - or as the case may be - 

in any case the fierce frenzy and determination of the so called terrorists for the now cut off of everything gaza displays exactly why he doubts the sincerity of the russian intent - 

no one employed in any major news outlet is going to call putin anything other than a soulless manwhore that feeds on the blood of his enemies even if the obvious restraint shown in contrast to the now exploding action in the middle east proves him an officer and a gentleman - 

whatever, it is thrilling to see ukraine relegated to the sideline - 

now then the same day headlines - he looks at the initials ssdd  and asmr 

nycmwulatwcfrtwfmius and ssikoepcfdip, respectively...
 
it all seems to hint at something, especially if you believe there is no such thing as coincidence - 

twenty and twelve  -  TL ...

target language? time-line? turkish lira?

search engine pops with; 

TLnet is a news and community focused on StarCraft 2 and Brood War, with an emphasis on professional gaming...

solid state drive whispers and moans oh it's too near to something of other - has he left enough space for plausible denial...

of course the ultimate irony is freedom of speech, sure you can say that but don't expect to be able to make a living in the nation's capitol. 