They look at each other for a moment, as they start out.

DISSOLVE TO exterior and headlines. The scenes in open in 
multiple screens where the manuscript, typewriter, et cetera
were. the procession offers a history of the case through, 
dakota is at the altar of cable network executives with
paparazzi crowding below.

CUT TO medium shot of meeting, altar on left. Dakota
being tied to altar. 

CUT TO timeline of the vietnam war next to hippie movement
 and 70s disco scenes. dakota turns into sperm and starts "evolving"
before our eyes until the eage of eight. Paparazzi bulbs like candles
flickering and  torches burning.

Two men begin in suits with signs that read "no women directors in
hollywood", those behind them yelling "hallmark seasonal movies" 
"lifetime bio pics" and "showtime soft porn".

CUT TO close up, ghosts of ancient starlets only certain film buffs
would recognize - some of them with a striking similarity in looks
to dakota.

Top of altar. network executive invoking BRIM:

     NE
          We call thee, BRIM. O Mighty One,
           The bride is here, O Mighty
          writing, Great BRIM have mercy on us
           and let us continue our plunder and pillage
             of your one idea and we we will let you 
           take the bride when you masturbate.

CUT TO los angeles and casting director. soundtrack 
suddenly stops. a bootleg copy of BRIM is handed to her, she  looks at
the audition actresses against the  wall, beats her chest and cries how
could he pick that dakota! it's not even the johnson one and look at all 
the fine bitches willing to murder for even a bit part! 

CUT TO exterior with paparazzi, meeting at altar. network executive
walks into camera view and raises his arms.

everyone watches in silence.

CUT TO nearer, dakota and altar with a something crawling in the 
background, cutting to double projection when three finger reptilian vampire passes
foreground looking very much like a human otherwise .

moon landing in close up stands nothing visible, sounds intercut static. what was that/
there's something back there / they are watching us/ screen fades to black static remains

CUT TO straight shot of people building a starbucks in front of aushwitz birkinau two poland
next to screen cctv tape on the doan thi huong / siti aisyah incident.

CUT TO war on drugs, DEA agents burning money in a lavish vegas party with strippers
and drink sets,  ads for various types of medication flash alongside along with side effects
indications, two doctors in a fist fight over cholesterol levels and two nurses in a wrestling
match over blood pressure....BRIM's party racing through the turning pages of the manuscript
in yet another screen and straight  into the altar.

CUT TO exterior altar set, reptilian alien turns from Altar with Dakota in
his hostage vehicle, a rust lined blue pickup truck you might see in rural farm areas
 and drives toward camera. Paparazzi near altar in uproar
one of them drops a camera, flashbulbs, they are yelling, waving recording
cell phones as well.

CUT TO DEMON and party reaching the proceedings, he hears DAKOTA
scream, looks through.

CUT TO what he sees. Edge of altar, the pick up truck going into the distant horizon.

ALIEN drives away from camera and into a dusty road, does not turn to look
back,  Dakota is barely seen in the passenger seat.

CUT TO ALTAR. DEMON wildly gesturing to slave, minions, and hacks to
overrun the network executives and reach DAKOTA. soundtrack rises.

hacks struggle with box office receipts and popularity polls. They finally get through with
 the dues ex machina appearance of emma thompson  who gives the english where's the
tea look one eyebrow partly raised and the gang slips through.

     DEMON
          He's got DAKOTA! Who's coming with me?

     1ST HACK
          I'll go.

     2ND HACK
          Sure. Me too.

     3RD HACK
          I'm going, sir.

     DEMON
          All right. Here you - and you -
              (selecting minion)

     INKY
          What did you see?

     DEMON
              (brushing him aside)
          COUNTESS, you stay here with half
          the halks and minion and don't let these fools
           out of your sight not even if the hollywood 
          foreign press associations arrives with champagne
          Don't  let 'em distract you next thing you know
           you will be at the spirit sag oscar awards then
           fondled at some tacky after party.

     INKY
          Who's got the semen?

bingbing comes forward.

     DEMON
          Come on, you brave hacks and minion.

DEMON, INKY and eleven others start after the alien.

     INKY
              (shouts back)
          Keep an eye peeled for us, COUNTESS.

messy  DISSOLVE except moon landing static flickering black screen.



EXT. dirt road - FULL OR MED. SHOT

PAN to follow the men, headed by DEMON and INKY as they
run  through the path in a sweep pattern to head off the vehicle.



EXT. road - FULL SHOT with manuscript overlay - DAWN

CRANE TO FOLLOW as they come up the parking lot. A twittering of
homosexual noises. Ad lib as they come: "Watch that
pick up" -- "Slide right on down." hacks and minion go left to right.

     INKY
              (stops, wipes his
forehead)
          No telling where he's gone in this
          darkness.

     DEMON
          He came by here. Look at those
          tire tracks.

     INKY
          That's right. He's up ahead
          somewhere.

     DEMON
              (looks about)
          The sun ought to be rising about
          now and if the reptile alien is a vampire
          there's a chance he will need cover.

     INKY
          Listen to those homosexuals.
              (broadway show tune noises)
          It's dawn all right.

     DEMON
          Look here.

He points to one of the side mirrors dislodged; just visible as
a first shaft of dawn light strikes down between the trees.

CRANE TO CLOSE. All move forward - TRUCK TO FOLLOW

To look at the mirror they gather. Probably no close up necessary.
Ad lib murmurs together, "Get that" - "It hit something" - "Look
here, won't be long now."

     INKY
          Look at that. He must
          be an awful driver. He's come
          this way, all right.

     DEMON
          And he's heading that way. Come on.

TRUCK to LONGER SHOT as he leads them forward. All hasten on
after the alien.

     INKY
              (to sailors)
          Keep those pepper sprays cocked.

     HACK IN BLACK SWEATER
          He's telling us we can squirt!

As they exit, camera left - DISSOLVE OUT.



EXT. GLADE - FULL SHOT - DAWN

As the men come from the edge of the jungle, last fringe of
shrubbery masking foreground, to look out upon an open
glade.
They pause, as they see broken shrubbery. It is now full
dawn. Use "Most Dangerous Game" ledge set, men coming
towards camera.

     DRISCOLL
          That's right. We're on his trail.

He leads them forward out into -



EXT. nearing the alien ship- FULL SHOT - DAWN

The alien ship. the pick up tracks are visible in soft earth
again.

     DEMON
              (sees tracks, points,
shouts back without
stopping)
          There!

All hurry forward in a dog trot. A couple of hacks,
running, pass Demon, then stop, run back to 
the others.

     HACKS
          Look out! Look out!

They point and all stop as they see --

the immense spike-tailed ship gleaming through the dawn
parallel with light, partially masked by trees. Men in
foreground here. (BLUR Process)

     INKY
          Great Scott, that's something I
          didn't know about.

     Demon
          I got an idea there's plenty in science
           fiction you weren't figuring
          on.

The ship crashes out into the open.

     INKY
          Gimme one of those lasers.

ONE ANGLE ONLY

He snatches the laser from the hack who is carrying.



EXT. GLADE - DAWN

The ship charges. The men run. Only DEMON and INKY
stand their ground. DEMON fires several times without
effect. This should be a very wide shot to get the full
effect of a long laser.



EXT. ship - FULL SHOT - DAWN

The first angle at edge of ship, with INKY and DEMON
in the foreground, other men running back.

     DEMON
              (gun empty)
          It won't stop it.

INKY throws his exploding rotring pen.



EXT. ship- FULL SHOT - DAWN

Second angle again. The pen strikes the ship, explodes.
Out of the smoke paragraphs emerge, the ship
 staggers shakily towards the two men. 
They throw themselves to either side.



EXT. ship - FULL SHOT - DAWN

First angle. DEMON and INKY throw themselves flat on
the ground as --



EXT. SHIP - FULL SHOT - DAWN

In the first angle, the SHIP collapses just short of the
men.



EXT. SHIP - DAWN

Its ship is just short of Demon who invokes a curse in latin. "Non ducor, duco." ship goes limp.



EXT. SHIP - FULL SHOT - DAWN

The hacks, huddled behind the shrubbery at the edge of the
wood (as in the first shot of this sequence) stare at --



EXT. ship - FULL SHOT - DAWN

The ship, fully stopped on the ground. In the foreground,
INKY and DEMON pick themselves up.



EXT. GLADE - FULL SHOT - DAWN

FIRST ANGLE - the sailors run forward to --



EXT. ship - FULL SHOT - DAWN

hacks join demon and inky. They start forward towards the
ship. It is in the background. (position)

     inky
          Wait a minute. it might not be knocked
          out.

He takes a laser from one of the hacks and goes forward to the
great ship's entrance. He shoots it through the door. It's
starts pulsing, then glows.

     INKY
              (after a look, speaks to
Demon)
          I told you those german pens would
          bring down anything. We'll get that
          alien yet.

     Demon
          We're not trying to catch the alien -
          we're trying to save that girl.
          Come on - we're losing time.

He leads them off towards --



messy DISSOLVE - EXT. pick up truck - FULL SHOT - DAY

DISSOLVE IN on the exterior of a cabin, leading, in the
background down into a cave filled with fog. The men come
in from camera left and look down. (Fog set from
"shadows and fog")

     inky
              (following tracks with
eyes)
          There's my partner again --
              (following director)
          -- he's down in here where
          the fog is, some place.

     Demon
              (looks)
          There's jazz down there. Here.

They listen. Sounds of jazz.

     INKY
          That's him, clarinet. Come
          on.

They run down into fog. (CURTAIN EFFECT)



EXT. cave - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men run down the muddy bank through heavy fog towards
the cave, left to right. (Fog Hollow set)



EXT. cave - FULL SHOT - DAY

The cave's edge, as the men run down through heavy fog left
to right. A couple of fallen trees, weighed down with the
magazine articles and headlines, lie half submerged by the cave's
entrance,  playing out of time on other side can
be heard as men come up. (Fog Hollow Set)

     DEMON
              (looks at footprint, then
across stream)
          What better way to - to spend the rest of my life than - 
          than to help you with - with all these wonderful illusions of yours!.

     INKY
          It's true. Everybody loves these illusions  yet how are we going to
          get past this scene?

     DEMON
              (looks about, sees ,
gets an idea)
          How about these --
              (indicates preppy costumes )
          -- for magic?

     INKY
          Yeah, that's it. A costume change!

     DEMON
          All right, boys, get busy.

     1ST hack
          Get your own boat shoes , minion.

minion, runs for wardrobe department. Other
minions run behind him.

     2ND hack
              (at log)
          clear now.



messy DISSOLVE - EXT. Cave- FULL SHOT - DAY

DISSOLVE IN on the new costumes, now completed. They have all
 found the preppy wear together with a tennis audience look. Heavy fog.
The pens and lasers are loaded on lesportsac bags. Some in lacoste.
The last of hacks and minions are just getting on.

     INKY
          Don't get the fear now, boys.

     minion A
              (guarding them)
          I'm good.

     minion B
              (helping another on)
          Easy now.

     DEMON
              (shouts, looking around)
          All set? All set, everybody?

     HACKS
          All set. Let 'er go.

     TOGETHER
          O.K.

     DEMON
          onward.

they start in  Ad lib, "let's go -- keep on 
moving, etc."



EXT. cave - GENERAL VIEW - DAY

The men move across abd into the cave through heavy fog.



EXT. cave  - FULL OR MED. SHOT - DAY

This shot moves through fog with them as they start in.

     INKY
          Easy now -- keep up here these clothes have to be returned.

     DEMON
          Keep your pee in the bladder,
          now -- no pissing in these outfits.

     1ST hack
              (stops to stare)
          Holy manhattan -- look at that.

All look.



EXT. CAVE - LONG SHOT - DAY

A huge scaly head rears up from the cave to look down on
them, drifting, horrible. It is the head of a basketball player.
Heavy fog. The men shriek in wild commotion.



EXT. cave - FULL OR MED. SHOT - DAY

The angle which moves withthe men, yelling
wildly, attempt to slide towards the baseball field. One or
two minions are falling down in the panic. Everyone shoves the
wrong way. whistles can be heard ringing .Heavy fog here.



EXT. CAVE - LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketball player pump fakes  and starts for the crotch grab in a series of
undulating finger and thumb squeeze. Wild panic and shrieks on the
hack and minion side. Heavy fog. 



EXT. STREAM - FULL OR MED. SHOT - DAY

The angle which moves with them. everything has come to a
standstill now as the men shove in the wrong directions,
shouting at each other. Some are trying vainly to reach the
baseball diamond. The head of the basketball player rears up from the cave
behind them, upsetting; as he comes up for them, the lasers
with its occupant pens perhaps. They fall, screaming, into the
stream. Fog.


EXT. CAVE- MED. SHOT - DAY

Three sailors as they land in the ground and come up
screaming foul .

A FLASH. Fog. double dribble.



EXT. cave - SEMI CLOSE UP - DAY

A hack dying. Flash. Fog. JUMPING.



EXT. CAVE - MED. SHOT - DAY

The hack with the lasers and pens starts to faint. He loosens the
lasers and pens and lets them scatter. Fog. ELBOWING .



EXT. CAVE - LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketball player doing a dunk move among the men and the scattered lasers 
and pens. Some start running for the baseball field. Heavy Fog.



EXT. CAVE - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men run out of the cave on the far side. The basketball player can
be heard behind them, in your face. They run up, left to right. Heavy fog.




EXT. CAVE TWO - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men run up another section of CAVE. Either away from
camera or left to right. The basketball player can be heard behind them.
Fog. (Fog Hollow Set)



EXT. CAVE TWO - FULL SHOT - DAY

Another shot of the men running up the cave, away from
camera or left to right, with the basketball player heard behind
them. Fog.
(Fog Hollow Set)



EXT. CAVE TWO - GENERAL VIEW - DAY

The men run up the cave. One minion (Tim) is in the rear. He
sees the Basketball player following through the fog He runs toward the
 cave- Fog. (Fog Hollow Set)



EXT. CAVE two - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men run out of the fog at the top of the cave. (Fog
Hollow Set where they were seen entering more fog, curtain
effect).
Left to right movement, slightly head-on.



EXT. cave two - LONG SHOT - DAY

The men run left to right, followed by the basketball player. Tim, the
last man, runs towards and into the cave, with the
basketballer after him. 
No fog. 



EXT. cave two - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men climb on to a replica pagoda from GAME OF DEATH set



EXT. pagoda - FULL SHOT - DAY

Tim runs up to the base of a stairs, climbs it. 



EXT.   - pagoda - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men climb higher on the pagoda. a group of teenaged geisha girls attack.



EXT. top level empty dark room a pair of  raybans - FULL SHOT - DAY

drained, they climb over the top of the pagoda. darkness masks the
foreground. In the background is seen a pair of raybans
backed by more darkness. Demon in the lead here. inky the last
man.  They hear the sound of the basketballer and the shrieks
 of the hacks and minions they left behind. All turn.

     SAILOR A
              (stares)
          It's Tim he's done for.

All stare as they see --



EXT. PAGODA - LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketballer approaches the hack who has climbed to the
 top. He shrieks in terror. 



EXT. pagoda - MED. SHOT - DAY

The men stare at this, horrified.

     INKY
          Hasn't anybody got a spare testicle?

Each man looks at the next fellow, hoping he has saved a
testicle.

     Demon
          They're all wiped from the japanese vagina grip when we came in at the
          pagoda to avoid the knickerboker.

     INKY
              (to sailor who carried
bombs)
          Then gimme one of those lasers.

     LASER PEN CARRIER
          I had to let them go to keep from
          drowning.

     INKY
          You fool.

     LASER PEN CARRIER
          You lost your balls.

All stare back  as the doomed hack's shrieks for
help grow louder.



EXT. PAGODA - LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketballer comes up to the man.



EXT. PAGODA TOP - MED. SHOT - DAY

The hack in the pagoda shrieks. The basketballer's head comes into
the shot, about to seize him.



EXT. pagoda - LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketballer seizes the man. His cries cease abruptly as the
basketballer grips him with both arms and he tries to in vain to
squirm against the foreign genitals pressing at his side.



EXT. pagoda - FULL OR MED. SHOT - DAY

The men at the top of the pagoda look sickened. They stare as
they see --



EXT. pagoda- LONG SHOT - DAY

The basketballer carries the hack away into the paint.



EXT. pagoda - FULL SHOT - DAY

They turn away, lead by inky, then stop as they see, over
the now clearing daylight, ALIEN retreating towards them with the girl.

 He is pursued by two huge linebackers (new orleans saints) who, 
trying to follow, find themselves excited.

     DEMON
              (to men)
          Down! Down!

All throw themselves down behind the raybans.

     INKY
          If we only had some of those pens!

(MED. SHOT of men crouching behind sunglasses, as he speaks
this last line)

A terrific fight now ensues between ALIEN and the linebackers
... ALIEN picks up dirt and hurls it
down on their eyes as they try to reach him through . He kills one
that is temporarily blinded. The second retreats.

During this, the men exit cautiously, camera right, and
reappear in the background, camera right. the remaining linebacker
sees them. He charges them. They run out,
camera right, with the linebacker following.



EXT. PAGODA - FULL SHOT - DAY

SIDE ANGLE - PAN to follow men as they run, left to right.



EXT. JUNGLE B - FULL SHOT - DAY

The men to run to camera. No linebacker in this shot.