Red White

Chapter One

After the  lockdown, what is now known as the extermination of Wuhan transpired without a hiccup. Hick town, nowhere, China. We can't treat these people like cockroaches, some cried. The Governor pulled out a spray can squeezed some of the venem's contents into the air, as he giggled. 

Meetings had been held...No, look at the outrage; even if they admited it was a military error... Besides, not enough people fly due to economic reasons anyway we are doing what we can with the boats but this, oh this, how juicy, dozens of them everyday why in the second round we can easily start from scratch in India and Pakistan to boot - think of the real estate opportunities!

The writer sat bent over coffee cigarette and keyboard, it was at the edge of the lunar new year wherein two eerie trials in America attempted to annihilate the recent onslaught of royal abdication news while the Kremlin reminded the world that is was all a circus, here comrade, look, two aging elephants have escaped and can be seen tusk wild traveling through the snow packed streets.

Neither trial made sense - one could argue that the industry is based on a culture of rape, in one, and in the other, to prosecute tactics of negotations on an international level well might as well throw everyone who ever held public office in the slammer. 

Hammer judge headline punch penis shaped chocolates and obstruction of nobody here has ever spoken of Ukraine before Spokane spooky...

It startted coming in fast and heavy, a woman in London, a couple in Wisconsin, a family in Honduras...

Pictures of hospital rooms and clinical equipment, well sure it looks right - on the up and up. The images pre-recorded and digested in the collective mind-set for instant recognition...

Asian faces shielded with surgical type masks, defeating their own humanity as foreigners in tv horde land  see them as an unending livestock of human flesh...

The roach struggles to reach any sort of exit, turns over legs squirming...

Check in but they don't check out. Welcome to the Hotel California version Wuhan...

He saw two lovely women sauntering under a single umbrella. Gift wrap left behind. The portrait painting still wet with space for the future. 

Others had decided, that his own idea for population control, the time had come. 

POP he had termed it and to behold him was to acquaint oneself with the awe of an agent entirely unaware of his own cover. 

Many had often cited his near addiction to filing in reports even when everyone at the Branch requested a stop or at least a pause yet now the Cloud sector smiled at his determination and obviously enjoyed the picking apart of that poem story or book from his dossier which they kept in a gneiss structure about the size of an igloo with distinctive markings for each project. Of course, many of the staff hung around to download his music -which he presented without plan in measured doses to the public - which attracted the attention of the pencil and button pushers...One thing leads to -

Another virus. 

-end of chapter one- 24 january 2020 10:55pm eastern standard

/IR

Chapter one second draft -apolitical-

He saw two lovely women sauntering under a single umbrella. His gift wrap left behind. The portrait painting still wet with space for the future. 

In the artistic rendition, there was no cover. Three women from a portrait note...

Montserrat. Isabel. Licelot. 

With more luck than talent, he had captured the setting he wanted to scene. 

Meanwhile back under the parasol, they were Asian. Most likely Korean. Maybe Chinese. 

A crimson red hair brush, two pearly laced hair pins, and the high flying blood colored rubber ball awaited his return.

It was Friday, the Friday before the lunar New Year. 

Some sort of spiritual sensation had thrilled him and he was excited to once again fill empty pages with words, so much the better, poetry.

The items in question were for a lady named Scarlet.

He'd first met Scarlet while attempting to become friends with Faviola.

Simultaneously, he had secretly outlined a novel which he imagend calling Red White.

The opening chapter poured out of him easy as arrows from a steadfast arm without over-aiming and yet he battled against his own intuition for a few days even going so far as to attempt a re-write...

Here, he would swim in the infested waters of self-pity for a while explaining the alleys and avenues of desolation and loneliness to underline the need for companionship, for touch. 

He'd settled for kind words and was remarkably at ease in his own company. 

of course, there was Scarlet and Faviola...

Yet as he tried to come to terms with himself and his desires a dream girl straddled him all the way into rapture. 

Others, surely would ask, was it true...DO you mean the blonde on the bed or the plan for population control...

He'd sat in the silence of the night. An urge to play his instrument crept up like the snake in the garden of eden but he thought I can't play here - the music goes everywhere before it goes anywhere.

It's cool, this time of year in Sweden, not that it gets exceedingly hot save for when it does...

He moved along with all his notes from Stockholm because Stockholm is not the same as it had been or always was...

The notes involved an affair which he calls the prelude to the end game...

Willing to go all the way he waited for that particular muse until suddenly it was no longer present but past and as everyone knows you can't live in the past even if it is the twenties again and old sports might find a way to repeat it...

In any case, as satisfied as he was with the agency and his own distractions which posed effectivley as self, he still wanted to as they say in the movies get the girl. 

As it happened, it would be two. A sort of double or nothing situation which arose when Faviola with her Persian charms casually contradicted her free state of engagement for marriage. 

He saw through the gimmick, but he could not be entirely certain of her meaning and so he scrambled his eggs of devotion and desire to Scarlet with flirting and gifts to bring about her nearness and earn the state of jealousy from the other lady. 

It was going according to detail or plan except a third party with pretty hair jumped on his bones early one morning before he could gather enough thought to think his way out. 

Is the way out, the way in? Perhaps...Yet there is no faking several many basic conditions even if nowadays one can manipulate location while living in the electronic nature of these devices which hold a good portion of the first wolrd customers in thrall. 

Hallways of always what will happen to all these half way houses we call cells?

Bells in a dream Inka sits in a voodoo circle and although he knows he cannot escaape the coconut trance his vision is a captive to the ceremony. 

Tells himself he must have met her somewhere before...I know you says the line we walked together in a dream. Not his...

Some witches will put their own flesh on the line and she is one of them. Despite the fact that during one such ceremony her face was consumed by an acne as aggressive as New York City subway riders at rush hour jamming themselves into squeeze position even as the doors are sliding shut.

She betrays no fear of the oil preparation and even plays with a kitten which appears to nibble at the white flesh of the leftover ingredient. 

He realizes that one wrong move and he will be enslaved by this woman he feels he has known before in that elusive era named the past.

She says she is in love, but she is speaking of the feline instead of the dreamer. 

His book was about reincarnation and the history of China and true love or at least the one sided worship he wore perhaps for too long a time, but now is not then and although he will paint some of those pictures again he knows that like Stockholm, something has transpired which has toppled what was once true. 

Did you like the gifts, the words spilled out from him like a school boy searching his lunch bag for the treat to have before the eat.

Yes, she said with hair now a lighter shade than he remembered and a smile so thin the unthinking observer would have to call it a grin.

And did you get any time to play with the ball?

At this, he grinned himself swftly before adding, those ar very bouncy -

She breathed through another smile like some strange orgasm she was trying to hide and behind her Faviola paced then stopped raising her right leg in much the manner that a female dog might to perhaps mark territory...

I have a viridescent one, he exclaimed pretending to not notice Faviola and turning his gaze to Scarlet's silver rings. 

The sun dimmed and although he carried no umbrella that late afternoon, he could feel them both under his happy shade which neither green or red was some other color yet to be translated for the canvas, the portrait.



chapter two

Ferrule the boom's not dead...

Anton - as a doctor - was only allowed to treat the servents...

Mo's highlighted leaves in an English garden...

old friends one in the morning sperm...

A cat with rings upon its tail...

Ferrule dead knot boom held in place...

red legs. wordless stack. sketches drawn found trace paint...

But he was also aware of things from the morning...

as the cheese bonded with the eggs and toast next to coffee...

getting roses at the dorsett in Wuhan, throats choking fifteen years the cure cost sixty five dollars.

School girl unaware of the seagull takes a mirror picture wearing a skirt wondering if she is like every other girl in a city that will easily tell her yes just like all the others you know how it is except she invested in a cryptocurrency and traveled to Moscow...

None of them alike, alike none of them...

What is it that you like? one-eyed lou replies arguments I don't care as long as we can argue about it...convicts ex convicts visas passports travel let me argue at least a few times a day hey why are you so fucking happy is there something you are not telling me - lets argue about how to french fries and steak hell why not donate this meal to a neighbor...

Anyelina walked with hm a few steps in the way that Hernandez girls will without divulging her phone number as he had asked weeks or months before and she held that cell phone in her hand like a tease as her slicked back pony tail tumbled in no particular manner -

bckwoods alabama boat fire - high rise inferno eight times eight is still sex teen,

here number three oday, opening up to make you hum cum when you hit the hay hey horse spoon so soon to play reconversion blues...

don't let that out, in the way the word and without love what is an orgasm, better ask the jews or muslims...

gets up cold water scrub pee squirt the cat sings a lullaby at two in the morning...

baby panda band plays hail to the press...

LSD in the tea, now what happens if we hit this button...

No not that button, now we don't have hospital pictures and will have to run what oh I know a construction area with bull dozers why do the spics sleep so much?

speak to me spic in your spicorama spain argentina mexico...

it was then that all sorts of negro penis nudged at the mexican border, grief rabbit van the panties ran no 

Bitch give me pussy, i'm wearing number twenty four...

bbc, they say that writer was beat down by his daddy, who is your daddy now? which contradicts the no spanking theory of course TB and an early death...

well, we can't win them all, they wanted to have  baby girls well now maybe that one child per family rule can go out the window...

people get used to anything, even after a policy update sure but this will create that fresh start and at sixty five a pop well we mght finally get into that exclusive deposit house in zurich...

I myself am tired of seeing the pure china race diluted with vietnamese and indonesian women...

we already changed the name once, don't wanna call it mongrel city...

how about ming city? pekin, beijing, ming...hmm kinda cute, catchy, historic maybe for wuhan if the hotels don't leave the area...

The rain fell and the writer scratched around at the edge of inspiration...

woo han solo rock star dizzy with stars in divine wars wandered no wisdom as the repeat crowd plays back the chorus helicopter...

democrats travelled to the vatican proposing the sainthood of not only this basketball player but the whole team...

if you can't get it done we will impeach you and start negotiations with ratzinger...

the emperor ate dog and the dish was deep, but in the video at the outset edge folks could be seen chowing down on bats and live grey mice with legs shattered for smooth chop stick into the dip, into the mouth...

aha undenable scientific proof, it was the weird animal diet...say, double ten what was that lizard in the movie where the kid goes to nyu and hooks up with the mob, ah yes a komodo dragon...too bad we couldn't pictures of people eating lizards...

we can perhaps get monkeys, no too much indiana jones right there, gotta keep it obscure...

pure race blues, what kind of vibrator did holmes get the rabbit is thinking after she turned her back on her own heritage and kept going despite the blood on the chair diamond well it would take some sort of i don't give a fuck chicano or white boy to play down there in the paint i mean possibly she could find some darkie to take three point shots but then she'd be worried about finances, is he with me for the money or my devastated looks...

books the boo house, along with the washington post reporter and the school teacher that floated the blimp with the sign what traffic on a sunday morning two hours to pumpkin kkkalifornia basically killed those people for the luxury of it all...

he said before reminding everyone of the no fly zone rape case pay off colorado...

the writer sighs with a giggle, finally someone came out and said it plain oh the pain of follow along and stay in line...

i mean if it were a li9ne of cocaine or something but these things at the start of what his aunt called the end of the world well where is the critical thinking...

evaluation, he can't explain the end was seventy five years ago and this is all pre-recorded echoes in a sound chamber partly foreshadowed by the genius type of nova express, finnigan's wake, and the reports of skinny franz kafka...

of course it will be the end times for more than a few...

which brings to woo hand mind fingers how he minds having to hold that let's hang him after this report intruder invasion neck rope found without a sound the smell...

that smell can't you smell that smell...racism? who moi no mon cherie we have always hated the french.

fucking hell, but it's like funny too except you are not supposed to use the N word ever, no silly they don't mean nowadays or neverland, that is only that niggardly word. 

closer to the bone, prima volta well if inky ain't coming  to sicily then we will not vote right wing...

how can he not have five thousand dollars for the deposit - go ask alice when she was just five dollars for a concert but seven for smokes circa 2010...

pink floyd song no, roger that, palestine- 

position of situation their limo now a mini cooper.

the land grab starts - why didn't they start with africa, i mean this ain't bad but what the hell are we going to do with all these anorexic cows wait are you sure it ain't bulimia it's bull shit whatever it is thousands of these things say if it started with animals coudn't we simply say they caught it too?

too suspicious, let's just put the pizza hut in and see what happens.

I tell you one thing for sure ain't no fucking skinny cow gonna buy no pie.

I'm banking on tourism!

in the middle of nohwere india?

all right then prostitution.



chapter two and a half

February was already on the freeway heading south. He, who did not have a name yet in the work in progres novel, went sleepless pondering all the roads to walk down in order to give a few children a future wherein fortune would replace any sense of restriciton in economic turns.

It was a new goal for him, but the thought had been developing for some time...

Still awake at the morning rush hour swirl, he could hear the city politicians slide into their loudspeaker equipped cars to hypnotize the unsuspecting stay at home moms, maids, elderly, and ne'er do wells laying about in apartments and houses.

Elections were near, but weren't they always. Everybody wanted to be the mayor. Even ravaged pop stars and sex symbols merged like unholy vampires to hold sway in the mansion of city government. 

He kept his stance firm, do away with these elections and give the money to the poor while legalizing certain narcotics for further profit and tourism...

Of course, it was still the early days when it was termed lightly by the whoring association of nobody knows who we are exqactly as an international epidemic...

To make matters worse, the name of the game was no different than the name of a popular mexican light beer slightly shaped like a penis well a thin penis...

pencil dick press pinball dress...

the ball could be for sports or it could be a gala event and so for some reason there different sizes...

crisis, when pencil dick meets wide set vagina...

of course the governmet legalizes gay marriage ahem...

Won't be enough to curtail the explosion of babies beign born...beige...

terror attacks, downed planes, no, no, they see right through us...

All right then execute order sixty six...

The Sith rise, the Jedi drop like flies...

Finally near noon he cheats insomnia fueled by hunger and coffee for a few winks...

He awakes, pissing everywhere around the bowl while his mind's eye holds the image of Anyelina who seemed to have stayed the whole night through...

Hernandez women don't give up easy and like to groove until the last drop...

Beyond his door, the sound of the talk tribe turns him back for locks and keys and a hat...

It's as if part of the government has infilfitratd his living room and holding court...

We've bought this property of course it is your arm but what they hell, don't worry it only hurts while we sleep...

three for one cyber sale he suggested he is not really part of this family...hunted despised like an animal...what is it landau gone they want you to take it in the rear...and the ear...

chocolate city p-funk doing the butt right there on the balcony...unending vulgarity it is the new heirloom...alng with your inheritance you will have a limited vocabulary and these common curse words to shout when feeling insecure or threatened...it worked for us and we are fine and so it will work for you but if you have kids one day then hit them like we hit you in a vicious circle of no nirvana salvation tit for for tat he could have nearly spat...

except it was seventy more dollars he didn't have to spend no more which meant pizza...

don't you want to give a couple of slices to the wookie that lives on top of the gremlin...

seriously...

Now then, as boats and planes were held off in quarantine waters and strips, he headed out hungry for Faviola only to encounter two marias...

He still liked these marias eventhough shopping at that intersection had become a burden what with crisscrossing and guards and take no pictures of this or that...

Leaving with cookies and cream for Scarlet he slid over to Faviola...

Hey, Scarlet he said to  her entirely unaware of the genius at work beneath the error.

The immediate reaction was stunning as she coughed out quickly like a man chewing tobacco that swallows that time he was about to spit; her own name said like she had never said it before that is in defense, in protest, in a pleading so inflexible it left him nearly speechless...

Camphor and she decided only three packs of pills, obviously to make him return if not saturday then monday at the latest...

He was busy counting the days in his distracted thoughts...

Across the ocean, the grey monkey followed the witch all the way to a temple and climbed the pagoda to dangle there on the roof like willie nelson at the white house solar panels now removed...

Her power was growing, and the monkeys knew it...

Would the ape jump, was the simian aware that he had been turned into a witch's shadow?

Nobody, of course could ask the hairy cousin of man such questions...

No, not even in tumblr anon!

Cliffhanger on at least a couple of levels...

Would you all like to see what the writer has to be proud of...in Bali, in Boston, in Baton Rouge, in Bogota, in Belize...In all the b-movies of the world...scroll down, swipe up, the it goes everywhere before it goes anywhere gimmick? the population control agent gimmick? the gneiss structure about the size of an igloo gimmick?

the speak to me spic in your spicorama? read it back read it all back, free to all at no cost to any who reading pay. Pay it to the bank.

He sank into heroin, with a sigh trying to recapture the glory days when bruce really thought making his son a fireman would save him from the lyrics hey little girl is your daddy home...

Ah ys, Scarlet burning red in a blush that left his new gift nearly beyond her own reach, returned while Faviola now confident in her grasp of his will power grinned and giggled lightly oh look I fount another one...but Scarlet only searched his countenance for clues as to what was going to happen...

Elated in the growing darkness sauntering down cracked streets where the mayor would rather cut down a tree than be forced to re-wire the circuit he could not foresee the teenyboppers about to goo and gawk over his swaying stride...

Nothing surprised him much anymore, not even genocide or depopulation of entire lands...but he was forced to pause and pay attention to such sweet smiles even if in transit it would fade and behind the fence of his abode there'd be only Faviola well Faviola and Scarlet perhaps even Anyelina...

Hernandez women won't resign within desire and it seems they go all the way into the next day...

The night grew silent and he waited for some sign as he unloaded the words into a newly stickered general electric keyboard twice over with a rhino from Sparta plugged into the pure writer android app.  /japp



Chapter three

He tried to gently pace back and forth within the confines of his cage, of his age...

An irritation surfaced upon his skin...Water, cream...Of course what actually irritated him was the lack of direction, perhaps inspiration...the narrowing limits of creativity which nearly held him back from typing at all...

It had started some home hours before...Notes, are they too casual, too hateful, too obscene...One does need to make a dollar or a couple of million...

Notes, make that pounds, the sterling at two against the euro...

This was a love story, but the orgy of images must have its way and win, it seems...

seas tranquil, the thought of real masters and their quill...

where he'd grown up it was more like nyquill...

He had escaped the life of an alcoholic a few times but that was only because he disliked the aftermath sort of like you can have money but then taxes...

Sober now, some weeks, he pondered straight as a holy spirit filled preacher...

Notes, too easy to take out of context...too easy to mix up homage with word theft...

word dust, you can't take words with you into space...and yet, he always felt better about his writing when he did not neglect what was in front of him...

the sweet manner in which the cashier treated him earlier that day...

it was the love that usually only mothers put on the job for their sons...

The way their hands brushed, casual as leaves falling silently to the hard ground..

hair messy didn't get dressy...

what he has learned is that really you need to kill your sweethearts, no pun intended, joan.

miro mira mirror mirror on the outlaw they love the guns blazing bad guy...

and the triple x fact that sex sells, notice young ones, it also swells...ahem.

now then, he can't bring himself to end the loved one, the beloved no not even in fiction and so it is like fighting with one hand tied behind his back -

reality sandwiches is that a noun or verb, the holy homosexual jerking off into a handkerchief reminds him first thought best thought...

it was nearly always true except now there one too many puppet masters and so chaos exceeds logic in a few cases...

how long does one make a literary apology, he wonders...

brief soul brevity the thing is he is only a student of those that came before and left these pages for him to fill...

still, he knows that story is paramount and although only trying to fight his way into a new working draft to reach the finish line - he cannot skip the numbers as they are announced in the winning sweepstakes of red white as it were...

for a second, as he fends off the doomsday down with your own thought and into pre-recorded punishments, he weighs making a sort of promise to let the story seethe into the forthcoming chapters but that would be dishonest especially after the koala hyphen kangaroo apocalypse down under...

for another second his mind races back to his personal journal of november and december in that year which now seems a lifetime ago...

news like a ghetto boom box blasting away at what was to get into the present groove - a gift for anyone quick enough to swiftly forget the urgency of timeline so that for example to mention events from only a few years ago is to sound like a scholar and even shock those that have been brainwashed into the pray for this city or that town and then post a selfie you know just like the telecast when they awful this or that and then smile or laugh because the weather is fine and lovely...

that is nothing happens, it seems, in the stumble type of distraction he decides to give it a go -

the year is 2017, of course, he is infected by the propaganda so nothing much has been retained from the twelve month period in question...

the writer lives the same sad truth as...

a whole lotta nothing south korea fireworks over a tall building when the pussy tried to grab back in the united states, mind you these were both the wide set and tight variety because the democrats had failed to hold on to a double inflation reverse pump kidnap economy how much is health care fake candidate et cetera ah yes and walter becker passed away as far as he cares to research for fear of infiltration by what he has looked up...let us conclude this with the possibility that some folks may have lost their iphone 8 during hurricane irma while despacito echoed in the youtube collective yarn knitting comments and contributing to the let's get on to the next contortion stunt mental growth music...

The thought skipped, like a scratched vinyl record on a long lost turn table -

He cigarettes the coffee, he is confident of at least a few sentences and one or two paragraphs having read enough to know that many or even most books go nowhere in terms of that type of poetry...

A poet, he proves it to himself, moves it in to the given  page to fill from that live air tradition, yet how to reconcile such sensibilty in the era ear phone of porn and post? of post hypnotic manipulation where the individuality of ourselves is always at risk?

switch the mining rig to lisk.

applause ian, ticky boo? ticky fucking boo!



chapterthirtythree



reincarnation -

the title of four (half dozen song) records and the ideology...

he was certain cell phone in france was his soul mate somewhere through the bloody veins of time,

meaning he had come to see the soul as composed of the self and another...

cell phone in france, seemingly now lost, held the distinction of being the first he had recognized...

yet if the other party sees it not or in her case knots well, not much sailing can be done -

now the concept and timeline is too convoluted to attempt to prove it here, but when doubting the story one must note certain impossible elements that captured them in a friendship of two decades...

until matters out of his control hounded her it seems away from the multi pronged parade of intruders...

well, neither here nor there only prelude to previous muse  

, subject of recordings after which he left her contact information yet expects not to hear from her...

to be clear a period of wait and see was involved - 

indeed, second recognized reincarnation fact although he himself supposes the idea only a whisper above flimsy...

given the numbers...

population total of europe at the turn...

when the lyric arrived it was as if told line by line from beyond...

which in turn became several stories that were intended here to pretend masterpiece rather than this messy all too human notebook.



CHAPTER four

It had been two days, as Bianca noted at another matter's chat, to intruduce yet another character for no exact reason than stream of thought.

He always wondered, are we friends...What kind of friends do such thing the Capricorn would ask after sex...

Friends with benefits... Ben fits, the fourteen inch cock floods the folds of Barbara's pussy.

Some cook, some do not...

How does a person become a writer, one eyed lou pretended to be interested...

Bla Bla bla, he responded, oh you are so intellegent she repeated like a song echo without meaning to which he could only say no if i were smart i would not speak as much as this...

He'd known it for a while, this much talk is too much tape...

Suddenly glued in a non-groove unenlightened trance of faces without love of sounds without desire, and worse of all as Kim got her driver's license and rachel took her first pictures with a submit boy (let us hope he is the camping sort) he could not find a minute to write or even the remnants of this very inspiration.

He sat typing, concerned over repeating some sequence which he had already dealt with pleasure...Did I write this in Brim, Is it too much like that...

There was also the criticism which he pointed out in one or two works of fiction in the popular category...too many characters...Was he now falling into his own critique of other

s...

look at the abyss and it stares right back at you,,,

This was the weekend before the clowns -usually known as democrats, started to decide which incompetent puppet might put the most pressure on the incumbent republican...

The first cases of the deadly imfection were recorded in New York city, if memory serves...

The Hindus, at that point, were not the endangered species that we now recognize. 

Hard to fathom, millions of them down to a few thousand. God save the queen. Still, even in England there is more antipathy against them than the Asians.

It's the smell, that bloody curry stink! And you know they are all into buggery, the lot of them! Hurry up, please, it's time...

In any case his time was taxed with so-called family and matters financial. None of which he could possibly resolve and yet really some of them seemed to disagree, gee play Jesus, listen to our prayer, oh let's let the prying eyes of to whom it may concern see, to whim it may be we are not we and the French oui oui...

United States of Am I crazy...Although his individuality was tought to question, anything was easy enought to distort and so they pressed down on that guitar pedal with a frenzy as desperate as a fat child's munchies.

Mucho weridness, man wooman or teen...

He, at that specific moment in time, should have been celebrating the triumph of his novel in  translation -

fala fala lepo was the portuguese that remained in his thoughts from ten days that shook the world when after a sleepless struggle he swalled his sicilain wine as if to say fuck you fucking fuckers...And slept in a clock wise turn that moved his body from the vertical as it were length of the bed to the horizontal stretch...

It seems so long ago, but still vivid within emotion that cruel sharp yell like a shard of incoherent glass slicing through his ears from one eyed lou apparantly possessed by crude neighbors over a practice of protection.

When was that, the day of the Golden Shower news from one of the two trials still in process...

Hey, Ezra Loomis, you never imagined this might be part of the process...

The Pound at three to one, now back then he kept silent even if he had a lot to say and sat down to continue into some sort of story although fully aware he'd fail for all the distractions still determined not to mention his own weekness...

Should that be plural? Hmm, cigarettes the coffee with a muffin...puff in memory how did that go like a zombie chomping down continually on some raw meat the mind turned out tuned into a repeat gif obvioulsy hard g...

in a jiffy, anyelina did not hear his invitation to a treat gee and yet she arrived to share breakfast in thos early days of brexit.

At half past three, this town gets the fog from disinfectant helicopters spreading the antidote spray for all six varieties which has made the shot price go from sixty five to thirty nine ninety nine and most people agree it is bargain.



chapter five

Near or next to those days, it had to have been for he retained some vague memory of that squared faced alien from his dream which at the time he started to juxtapose with the now dead kirk douglas...

Like the Rabbi in days of old, these aliens knew more than we comon folk could imagine...

If one was wise enough well one might pick up hints might have picked up collected hints from the entertainment franchises which had gone through the looking glass as it were...

inter galactic a;bum covers, de classified materials, and subtle hints dropped from those in a position to perhaps know...

It is easy enough to imagine, of course, but some things are too terrible to be true... Kafka knew, sure he did and tried to burn the future he had written in report language before his time was done...

undone, all our books are published in heaven copyright held in the nine circles of hell...

he borrows from the all in but this being wsb day well you caint fake it, daddy long legs...

shakes itself, singing text wroted through the whisper of cemetary minds...

buried in the encryption burning if not typed...

earning the ticket somehow, most likely through lust -

lickety split suddenly he felt he could jollify...

they will be jelly, well let them eat cake...

like if not lust then having irked a power holding friend into requesting admittance so as not to have to deal with the writer's woe for a while...

the clancy brothers kick bob dylan out of the pup...

miles from anywhere he had ever been, sliding door space ship trace of hip uniform jumpsuit he couldn't say exactly it was not meant to be remembered for even the day did everything to keep him at a distance from his thoughts, but like google had once upon hounded him, well it was the brain that would not die...that afternoon.

the large company corporation monopoly places do these things and the crowd sits there agape as gina tattooed herself well how the heck did they know this or that...

answer before the question...

inter galactic speed of light no sound transmission even the weather can turn on a dime...

crime? not if you can pay the lawyers...

it was a robotic face, a reconstruction made to have the look of inflexible authority, square as far as beatnik or beatific as pluto is from earth...

third stone from the fun burn sun...honey i'm home? no, pinky there'll be nobody home...

well, maybe facebook will remind you that you are possibly homeless in your own apartment but here is a one bed room barghain...

barghain, that's how he talked sort of high brow brit but his lips never moved his mouth never opened and every7thing said went through telepathy...

two time zones implanted on each side of his nose yet nearly imperciptible...

he turned when the writet tried to stare and then followed the bee line he directed suddenly finding himself awake at one eastern standard time....

what is it that they say a nice place to visit but you wouldn't wanna live there...

where, now that is a good question...dimension of determination...

look aht this fucker, we who hold raging hard erections for extermination...

geno (don't say it don't jinx it...) sidewalk ghetto blaster well all right we can admit this one thing...

one time, no sayeth the lizard king, love me twice...

mice flood imagination nice food sensation,

well ratty new dehli there were a few thousand of them but they went full time contract zombie imagine that one day you don't eat the sacred cow and the next there's hardly enough living pakistani flesh to last them the year...

To add an inside joke to injustice, when he finally reached his aunt that evening she wanted nothing else than to avenge what she [perceived as a direct public insult from shakira...the fued had started long ago, at the dawn of the war on terror which fiy could only be played now in part in sections due to everything else going down so that those songs could not be put on repeat but played selection by selection...knife attacks were and still are the favorite tunes...once radicalized all they want is their number of virgins and the embrace of allah most likely in caps well yes hummus hum bug All ah magic rug digress aunt was undergoing mouth implants and had to keep sucking now now don't get the right idea wrong she could not chew and the jew looking at the pork's ass stayed in wittenberg, say hillary, md shittenberg,

not only was it a lot of sucking down meals but her tongue had been out of order for longer than anyone would care to put up with...ahem, enter the shaking shakira flipping out her tongue like a fish on the hook so sorry auntie you have no chance to even try to wag it got no swag to it...aunt turned red, bright like a fire engine on the way to a four alarmer harmer, why i will cut out a piece of that bitch's tongue if it's the last thing i do!

why just because a person is older and in a weakened condition hell what if people start sticking their tongue out at me, she thought, at the walmart, at the airport...

it's easy to lose the respect of othrs in the age of instant social media...

Well, I lied, it was only the superbowl, not everybody watches the game...

after he disconnected the call, he concluded, this is not going to end well but he had a clear idea of what it meant, the space slash time travel yes it had to be, verification of the proper holder of the deed. 

kc and the sunshine band plays get down tonight in the lost room, the last room in the city green room seen room scene room scent room sent netflix room dream room home room he never sold he neednt sorrow yet in tears he somehow holds making a little love, doing a little dance...indeed in deed, the room next door to a first kiss that being a double detroit significance stance.



chapter six

it was pronounced with a hard sea, ciara, like the k...or start of chaos, I now pronounce you man and storm...

hitting the kingdom and emerald isle as the high flying flu dethroned the lives of well they said it was more than sars did dine...

devoid of sleep he felt the nap required extensions like a nappy headed rest in peace don hoe...

who bust i must he lust

which brought him to sexual dream sequences and the desire for more bed time...

chime of the pornesque chapter, how far was he ftom original inyention...

should that be plural...

 as dozens died followed by hundreds and the natural state of racism inflicted its unique brand of dont touch me dont fucking touch me you slimy chinese scum sucking sons of snakes could be heard from minnesota to malibu even as the atomic glowing japs, divided koreans, orange vietnamese  no knees cambodians, and even conquered philipinos all exclaimed we are not chinese! 

of course, there was the exception of thailand, elbows on thighs my how he enjoyed seeing the girls in beijing pee...

bangkok the soldier played out pre-programmed american mass shooting right there all over the place road into irony terminal twenty one...

clear the way for the oscars, but the vegan hunger could not be fed ex not fed...a fucking hamburger and fries they cried they wept...

she used to work at target two kids now popeyes chicken...

could be one of those rexona girls...

rexona no te abandona, splish splash...

speak to me spic in your spicorama...

category subsection, sure but most of those veggjes are pure chemical remember soylent green is people...

point is the heading within amature clips she slips it in and he can  neither sigh nor sensual definitions well it dont look like no cock unless we cunt count carlos...

punt fountain pen gloss, bianca wears a cross... 

avenue dream, the cat peed like shadows through light then in between hypnotized meeti ngs some girl showed him her power and he could only wonder at the silky white sticky fluid that had flooded his zipper...

still, lisk kept rising, not so much but enough to penetrate a profit...

buy me drugs, he liked the period of tome time the start of geno - dont say it dont jinx it by jolly just - side slide through except for the ongoing attempt at arguments from one eyed lou and the misguided feeling that time was for wasting like a half smoked camel hey kim hee kiss me best picture kkk oreo choreal he hated seeing park so mad get killed and would most lime like worry about her demise in the art reflects life vice verse ey cetera vroom...

we are in the middle of the middle of six three stabbed in maldives image imagine that...

we are going to the middle of the middle six mister mystery pillow of death aha 1945, proves his point twice more nice ice mice in the lab keelin fell as sinn fein refused to kneel...

it was a quick note to six but it seemed the book wanted to be wroted writ hit pause, when he pressed the playback ackerman woman private somwhere sometime he felt lime lime like like a historian bringing everbody kerouac into the scene with a live love camphor in his jeans no not  beans not even greens he gave in to lipton soup those fucking after parties are murder on the stomach or if you prefer  belly...

hang it all call the deli, turkey cheese on wheat i mean it's almist vegetarian all most but rely what are they gonna do with all the anima animals not lime lime like they could dtive a uber or anything...oh you mean the geno dont say it dont jonx bronx gimmick side slide is to pave the way for otherwise meat giving mammals and such hmm maybe even bring back the dino flin final stone bone of blue dinosaur will ma any analyze azure t rex bang a hex gong what was that song oh yes stop in the  name of love before you miss out on the combination lottery africa ebola gnarly asia co-ronah well it's a million to one but at this price i could stay at this five star hotel now half price lime lime desperate vpn corp torpedo iphub for years to come if not cum told man old man down the road screams its soft not dead dont look at me lime lime like im some china clown in need of disinfectant jess in the shower live loves me most in her black name hair same dream to be continued...

notes for chapter six part two finally not thumb typed that is back at the station...

headquarters report six  - october 2022

He imagines even for a historian, it would be a task of difficult measure to give meaning to events as they pass or as it were events past -

past pants, at the time he tried to make j brand jeans a seventies thing like jordach but she kept trying to dismiss the tried and true formula of the pretty model for a more universal look and i told her all right maybe university...

the game was senet back in the ancient evenings when a full grown man was turned into a two hundred pound mouse...

the dog pulled at his fat korean wife's blouse...everybody coughed -

labs throughout the state of california were working overtime to keep b sanders alive...

well, he almost got hard with that ariana granite...it's soft not dead...

soft as cotton crotches what else is there to do but read red and white...

why would these women film themselves having sex with a beauty product - maybe it was the name...

rex rexo rexona...maybe it was carlos, he could not make heads or tails of it...

the senet piece moved via telepathy, the giant mouse could not find a hiding place except for the grasslands...

dictate the number of the account to me...

Jessica appeared Garcia at the supermarket and murdered Bianca...So you think you can just up and play house bank with my husband? 

He danced. Rexona woman put placed the camera on top of her television in the bedroom ironic for all televisions were by nature recording devices but still she undressed and rubbed reaching and teaching the world the wonder of deoderant well not spray roll on she did not squirt like some yet it added to the weirdness of the impossible catalogue of porn wharehoused throughout the internet...

the epidemic was getting serious about then and when things get serious people go on the tele...

boob tube if you recall...face mask giveaway for riders of the tube in london...another type -

Bianca's death did not seem to have an impact on him or perhaps Jessica's pout made it so...

coven of the count and counting...

Why I was getting used to you not being here, he said to Faviola noticing Scarlet had straightened her hair and swayed with a swagger usually reserved for the owner...

red ball bliss, back home something smelled like piss...

what a headache, could it be a cold, zennyrt freaking out not to mention sonya's returning lip sore...

we will pour on the makeup hell we are japanese and if we could crawl out from under two atomic bombs we can deal with this russian casting call...period costume:

so-called world leaders went into a secure land line call frenzy are you sure this is not a cell?

no but the bing ping lied, he'd been out shaking hands for the camera and pointing at medical equipment yes with a mask on as if to say none of us are safe...

i swear it's not a wireless connection all right well, it seems that for fuck's sake we finally put out that protest fire in hong kong that is why we are the empire that is going to lead the world on the future not like those french faggots why they might as well bend over on the chanps elysee for any stinker erection with a yellow vest...

our baby is out of the incubation period, every baby needs a name, cortana twenty, what the fuck are we microsoft?

cobit one? 

nah, it can't sound like no cryptocurrency...

covid nineteen...hmm yes sounds like the mangled basketball player saint man this will go over well, very well people will be solemn, stupified ...

just for that I am going to get you that vintage nintendo you wanted...with goldeneye...

popeye, putin eats spinach, weeps at the moscow times times story where they glued his picture in the elevator and people said what the hell...

the writer had the same reaction but over the male acting category at the spirit awards...

you don't understand it could have been a clean sweep...

madam im adam the palindrome neetenin divoc covid nineteen...

the jews working with the chinese, germans shit their pants - we are going to need a new successor...

1945 lon chaney actually had no idea himself he was killing all the kincaid people...

pillow of death, here  you go blondie let's see how quickly this cyanide will work on a canine...

in spirit angela sent one of her dogs and he was frightened remembering the ride or ride motto...

not to mention andi's extremely tight pants -

of course it was so long ago, like a dream that echoes at noon way after waking...

kim hee wanked his wicked warrior and he warned her not so wildly please as those days from two years before flooded his memory...

he had dreamed, nearly at the time when the mossad and the nsa held that here we go party because this is better than the war on terror and drugs combined why we could take anyone down for a cough or a sneeze - a little pepper in the air - abracadabra - two weeks mandatory quarantine...

those make believe russian girls av and NF,

tugging so hard at his genitals he awoke fearing a snap in the mechanism...kiwi peach snapple - six eyelids camel - lux flux a gift of love against the jealousy however he could not fight...too much light, the sun how sweetly dark it felt to him in asia...

there in south korea as he neared ejaculation, should that be plural? 

he could see them the row of quarantine strctures...wirkers in green and white wearing masks gloves goggles some of them ear plugs...

he was happy he'd volunteered to go to wuhan at the start even if he had not imaginned Seoul as his destination.

After being drained by kim and her demons, he fingered through the porn pods for girls in beijing peeing, you see, it had been years since any type of seat could be settled on and basically there were only cubicles with a hole to aim at whereupon they squatted and when the quality was goodly well it made him jollify.

he rejoiced in thinking that soon there'd be much more yes many more  pure blood chinese women to watch as they peed...

how beautiful they were with those sharp yet gentle feline like pubic hairs...

stares too long, kim hee gets the vise grip...

please don't last time my dick was bent and i couldn't get the batter out! 

it's an awful thing to have to worry about your penis in the middle of a geno don't say it don't fucking mention it side slide over charles darwin married his cousin.

cuisine cousin the chevrolet covair cobain song in bloom lithium smells like nineteen covid knee did vow oy vey.

CHAPTERSIX#3

What are you going to do? kill me, Bianca had buzzed out against Jessica's jealousy...

Often the thought of murder is not installed until the very moment of the action...

She'd been a skinny overlooked child until late in high school and the college where men made so many advances it was only natural for her to charge at the retreating writer too shy to even give her the pair of ear rings he'd set aside  one day...

those days to speak of killing a woman was nearly the norm and therefore even if the original package had not come pre-installed with homocide, she was now in a position strike at her target without restraint...

her olive skin glowed with dazzling blood splatterings drying like a post modern abstract creation...

cutting off a couple of Bianca's fingers, she flung them at the customer service area saying and anybody else will get the same I swear.

exclammation point. 

----------------------------------

As Irony would have it and as much as he tried

there was no viable or visible manner in which to detain his fantasy.

Should that also be yes you guessed it plural...

Fantasies they turned they tuned in to some frequency far beytond his control...

All the while pledging a vow of marriage, imagining the pregnancy, and in some cases even the childrens.

now yes that should not be plural, but there you have it.

For Valentine's day, he visited south africa and one of the marginalized white farmers started telling him about fmg which came up at the sight of the numbers the writer had penned on his left wrist; 6136 oh that yes initials, faviola,

an eerie flashback crawled against his eyelids, that day when both she and anyelina painted their nails white a flat, white out white which he mentioned to the first lady...how do you say that in spanish...corrector...no there's another word isn't there...liqui paper, she said it with that dropped d tuning sound he had heard before, yes that is it but that is english...

the conversation trailed away and he daydreamed then until running into anyelina as if to remind him that hernandez women are here to stay...

static stomach, one eyed lou and the neighbors castration attempt number two hundred and counting....

even the memory of some unsavory situations is enough to make a man vomit, figuratively speaking...

the farmer spewed out the words so quick he felt dizzy, you see they call it fmg it's female genital mutilation of course with these black bitches if you don't get that out of the way well they will stay in bed the whole week haunting their own clitorises, hunting down that orgasm, i've seen it for myself hell was even tempted to cut my own daughter you know say you got any kids..

the childrens...hmm, he hated that question for the answer could not be expressed without some type of elaborate story next to it...

well, no or not exactly but there are a few I consider mine to such an extent as to include them in my estate, my will when the time comes...

he remained silent - breathing - there were no virus quarantine stations in johanesburg only the lone ebola clinic down the street from the free male circumcision joint which now boasted the sign if your wife was strong enough to give up her clit why aren't you man enough to chop away the foreskin...

then suddenly, perhaps thinking someone should know in case there is need to have him serve as a witness the writer rattled off the names of all the girls he counted as his own the dutch, the americans, the korean, the swedes, and a couple of others thrown in spur of the moment like dead fingers at the supermarket counter...

Jessica had got away with it but that is one of the perks of working at the bank...

we will say she sank into the knife, it was always a matter of time with that type of woman...half model, half dentist, looked too much like her sister to have her own identity your honor we ask to submit her social media profiles as exhibit aye...

eyeballs pop out throughout the court room, order order, the judge pushes the baliff both of them baffled...nobody move it was too late squished eyeballs on the floor contrast the wax...

a fiasco, a mistrial...

he loved her all the same, but wondered if something in him was under some sort of spell...

where was his feeling for bianca...She had got a bit heavy below the belt... could it be...

no way to be certain...fat worked for some girls and he had learned with the founding muse of this narratve that beauty is a lot more than meets the eye no pun intended...

excusing himself for a smoke, he phoned brooke, i'm in south africa and this dude looks just like bill, but all she could talk about was rachel...

a subject to be continued beyond this section...

How does he do it, he says matter of factly, you have to catch them while they are sucking the nectar.

nectar the sucking are they?

you will ask too - however, as always he will point out the facts, fast like a psychotic traffic light...a lot of people, the bully kind unkind, they want this concentration on say ashes, but its the cigarette which burns...

He recalls, imposed arguments over things like plants or plates meanwhile the entire society draining itself...

That was an awful time, not to mention the geno - don't say it don't hex it - side of elections back then... millions spent for nothing but the facade of democracy for the handful to get their payday...millions that could have been straight up given to the people, the schools, the school lunches which don't exist there, the hospitals, the clinics which most folks cannot afford or even the anything remotely resembling progress...millions saved in one step; decree dance we are post-poning elections in order to be fair civil and decent.

They act like they are the united states which can afford such folly and half the fancy cars on the road are financed on pipe dreams, credit card impossibilities...

Not even for a world wide life threatening virus did anyody think hey we are going the wrong way...

it was dark, it slipped out, it slid into the anus, no cried scarlet no no no...

he rubbed her acne face gently but instead of seeing her he saw the witch from bali blink at him and smirk...

he sighed, she hugged him with an understanding embrace but then started why did you leave my gift with Faviola you still want her don't you even after all this time?

it's only been a couple of years, he responded, and some days it only feels like minutes ago well minus the countless gone asians and hindus...

will you take me to see the pizza hut in india, how could he tell her he was nowinvolvd in a prostitution ring to make the investment pay off?

perhaps it would be best if we visit moscow as planned...

the witch's monkey moved through shadows shifting from no costume to some sort of cossack get up kicking at his magination...

the witch was not only a witch but a drug, like salvador dali, she too was drugs...

he rubbed his forehead to rid himself of the witchcraft onloy to encounter a korean woman that claimed marriage rights over her virginity given to him in the middle of a dream...

yes, he squirmed like a coward, but it was a dream...

the court was back in session, a stenographer in a bell hop uniform scraped the remaining eyeball fluid from the otherwise perfectly waxed floor...

a case of sex a sex case, but wait a minute, inquired the judge, is oral sex equivalent to mouth virginity...

uproar from the koreans, of course, it's like a giant chewing cum...

I need to examine previous cases before a verdict can be grasped, the judge shook his head and his own eyes seemed to be on the verge of making exit before he could stand or pound his wood hammer...

and you, supposedly a law abiding wirter -

allegedly your honor - there's varying interpretations on my books -

all right, you with the long hair -

yes sir -

what have you to add to all this -

I was writing chapter six and the next thing I know well here we are but i insist it was a dream and my ride or die team can attest to the fact.

is that so -

yes, angela and andi in fact there was a sleepover but i didn't have pajamas because i could not get my TS number fromthe telegraph when they had agent provocatuer silk and i couldn't sleep not naked you know not with that big dog sniffing around i'm certain you are familiar with the doberman scene in the kids in the hall portfolio well this was not so many long days after the dream in question -

i am going to hold you in contempt until you give me a straight answer -

what answer nobody wants to be a dog's bitch as it were and well I got nothing against having another korean wife but a lot people look at them like they are chinese i mean one day she was coughing and the next thing i know so am i suddenly like is it the flu is it the governemt flu did macron finally grow a pair of balls and powder the briefing before if got to me not to mention is it coro -

court's adjourned! I won't have that talk near my bench - strike the word coro well the prefix from the record and instruct the jury to disregard the last few minutes and you why did you say it you almost said it are you trying to jinx it to nix it haven't you read the report don't say it -

but sir i wroted the report, it's the other word not the name i mean the g word i should know sure i forget here and there wouldn't you with thousands of pages of ammunition manuscripts...

approach the bench -

the writer nears, the man in the black robe grins sideways, big fan - oh that brim with that king kong re-write i tell you son, if you want i will put the whole proceedings in lock down and we can have a drink or wait yes heroin there must be some in the impound the narcotics division always make an attempt to leave some from their take and i've got a pole set up in my chambers yeah the new secretary she's been taking sliding dance lessons oh son we need to speak of many things.

it was then that gina hoyt pierced both sides of her nose and during the distraction hustled the writer away up north.

she turned to him half way, this is way more intense than the story you wanted to write about the woman putting out a lit marlboro in the eye of the groupie trying to flirt with willy deville,  isn't it.

I suppose it is, he said, still sad to have missed her at the theatre, way back before doomsday virus alerts and makeshift concentration camps aptly named quarantine sectors, when she played that Steinbeck of mice and men. 

Then suddenly, he feared the end, it had been partly Steinbeck the influence for writing, that California wavy mix of culture and casualty...

You know, he added, some people you love such a long time that they become a part of your life. 

He was composing a song, a blues, a lament, a new language in the face of the end times.

I think you are one of those people.

Miles above the state line, at some empty neon gasoline distillery/dispenser ---

Jessica got into the driver's seat while she was payng for the fuel, the re-fuel.

Silently, the murderess, sent the wheels upon the opposite direction with only the words, we are going to see what the deal is with the noxema girl. 

Gina hitchhiked in a sort of slow motion chase to reclaim the writer and see if he would finish that song.



chapter seven



Preface, part one -

Unless you have been cold stuck out in the middle of nowheresville then you have surely sauntered down some crowded street in a city with too many lights and well even in the middle of palookaville you've seen picture poster or video film of the scene he is trying to get you to see within your mind's eye for to postulate that although he had no intention of dozens of characters appearing and even intersecting well he understood that perhaps inside modernity that particular grimace leaves no other choice combined with the faint growing despair of turning these paragraphs into something not yet imagined never written on the blackboard forever homework school essay et cetera...

chapter seven v1

Even if a couple of years feels like a few minutes ago when recollection stirs, there is still that empty space or those emty spaces to swindle for a moment the refrain of plural in this rural stretch streaming into suburb, city...

The crowd is the blur where only a few faces stand out...It's easy to forget a fact in fact even a fine point which curves in remembrance to possibly cure the present reality even when it it is not a realism.

Since the previous chapter delt with porn, it feels urgent to install a side app within this novel's cell. That is to say, the works started for a muse that the writer wanted to have as an entirely different book and more and yes it was nearly at the same is it really three years now gone time that he encountered lulu chu,

most likely not a real name and perhaps even enslaved in manner not unlike the muse in question - who - to be brief - worked twelve hours day everyday except for a couple of thursdays or something like that well not in the sex trade but hopefully you get my meaning...

In any case, he watched her films, some of them seemed to reflect back on certain situations concerning events during the aforementioned era yet he paid no serious attention except to wonder here and there (which would be natural after the rude ride in a bang bus clip with props eerily similar to what the writer had encountered where his muse worked) for example the bizarre pick up in green foreshadowed it seemed to him by an annoying native impatiently attempting to gain his attention and attired in the said color...

Let's see, the last one he viewed, before the epidemic was known or spread must have been in december or november before the year of our fateful virus twenty, it hurt him - there was something wicked, uhm forced maybe, perhaps like some ex-porn women have stated the rules are laid down with you naked and vulnerable no lawyer and so on...it was called cuckoo for cock, bearded dude sides of head shaven muscle - no not a review or a recommendation but if you please; that moment where he is done choking her face full down on his more than average cock there is a flicker as if she pulled away or did something wrong so he slaps her slithering out the words are you sure about this in a sinister tight lipped tone as men will when they are truly seething mad...

he thought then, how sad or senseless, such a sweet and sensual spirit possibly possessed by porn abductor gangsters...

stop a minute and play that soul asylum hit song usually he will follow it up with the manny speech from runaway train...

untill you get that shiny clean...

both nipples pierced sometime before those scenes..

the writer thought she had quit and surely hoped so...

no, a few months later as the first deaths were being reported and counted and extra powers of detention were handed to sheriffs and such there she was now with a tattoo which read hustle with a strange h scripted beneath her clavicle and some other marking upon her wrist much less flashy not like the quality, for a minute there he thought it might be high quality instead of the usual below b-movie grade fare...

in soccer stadiums or football palaces as they are known outside of the united states of am i crazy the fans do not hesitate to hurl bananas at the n-word players oh it's a scream especially when it's the english squad for there is more than fair share representation...daylight come and me wanna go home, belafonte whom the writer has leaned on via imagination through the character of seldom seem inserts whatya gonna do back in africa...

let's see babs no that was a nickname, babar, no an elephant newsflash nearly exinct, hmm babacar...

aside from playing ninetyminutes all babacar wanted was the white women...

at the party he can be heard whispering to the bartender put two pills in her drink last time that other one wake up calling me names i dunno i don't wanna rape no girl but they want it you know they want it from elephant dick babcar but what me going to say i talk with the ball so i drug this one in the hall that one in the couch and then ouch you know sometimes too dry but the coach gave me the kay why so now i say hi put two pills no wake up screaming and mostly important no teeth mark on my babacar salami...

man chest on her united no no me go play norway no way jail me you know in senegal the jailer make the whole family slave save me she got a little baby elephant in her that one all right it's ok no reporting fifa got millions of billions of trillions next stop russia maybe too cold to have elephant salami sex...

what has the world come to, we can't say because it would sound racist...

meanwhile back in the so-called story the writer was mentioning the quality but he knew from the title that this involved one of those unholy mixed race romps and why who knows but it seems a rule of porn ie the blacked episode as it seems a rule of international football the blackout series...

also, side of head shaved but dread locked weirdly both of them in white robes but most disturbing to the writer her nails were painted white just like thing one faviola and thing two anyelina and the not yet mentioned because he was occupied in court and then nodded out for a while with the judge as the dancer greased and grooved on the pole what was it yes michelle thing three galvan also except on the television hey you are a recent addition so this party you can stay at the studio instead of with us here in homestead land ho besides you are pregnant but he could feel her resentment although her reporting was sweet as ever sort of like when his family holds a celebration but don;t hurry him over, he could feel it...

just like he could feel there was something more about these four very different women all with the white out nail polish...

the babacar lookalike was entirely too big for the porn star, well actress with a rank nearing fivehundred she was far from any sort of sensation...

he was not and positively did not want to be certain if that once upon a time arab with a horse's penis was bigger or if this one was...perhaps someone could put place these meaty men in a gay porn and then comparisons could come about...

about face, face a bout he thought it was like a fight easily he could have held her down and whatever and that fear shines through instead of vaginal fluid...

imagine a fully orgasmic girl made to grind without joy with a boy too far from her sensibilites in horror...

now it can't be that they think this sort of thing will sell...like much of the arts industry, file sharing downloads divert from any type of real profit except for the exceptions...

then, what is the point...perhaps only this prose or the fact that rape date rape and other related rapes are not at all about sex but power overpowering - still how awful to have - he nearly wrote a fantasy but it wasn't and the words revolved without him able to settle on one...to have a woman lost which well ( turn it around) ; to have lost a woman that was in the near area of the desire for a muse he still loved ah yes to explain it would have been better had jessica also killed her or to put it another way: they were both chinese - a connection he failed to mention albeit clued by the name one might have guessed...

well, thankfully, for fans of manchester norway russia, the dick did not snap on that snapchat exchange and it did look next to likely as it was too much to fit...

how to fix such a thing, the writer wondered but being more interested in the opposite sex, he contacted a fancy vagina repair clinc with graphic depictions of what's between a maiden's legs...

No thing to it, in most cases three treatments costing upwards of a thousand dollars could in fact restore a storage area to well...that shiny clean...

still, someone said, that peeing at a sneeze would take a few more and moreover there was no thing to do if say a virgin happened to shove a menstruation device up her snatch...

in asia, it's not only covid  19 that can kill a bitch but the use of anything other than a pad or padding in the time of flow red for some men are deadly serious about virginity which brings us back to mouth -

but sir sucking dick is not sex, you're own astrologer sucked dick down inthe eigth grade...

her name was lola, she was not a show girl however...

mouth he was saying the corporate heads have the market cornered while the weird sisters cannot go swimming or certain sports with a pad for fear of so deep as was the title of the strange valentine's scene herein previously described...

his nephew's wife gave birth to a bed...

aside - something about the day irked him and it wasn't even about the mixed race sex mayhem master race chinese...

he was with angela and andi but they always had their dogs with them and even if none of them climbed up on his naked nap he dreamt they had ... balloon dick in his anus thinking i'm gonna have to walk around half the day with this damn dog on my back...incest! no wait, that is for cousins uhm bestiality but why the prefix should it not be enough to say italy...

indeed something irked him and it weren't even the so-called novel virus which kept killing or as they used to say when people listened to rap music as angela sometimes did chilling...

in wuhan, from his hotel window he could see some the people now so horny after weeks of waiting going for it right there on the empty avenues and side streets masked and gloved but weirdly no condom in some cases...

well sometimes i use a condom and sometimes i don't car crash victim no vitamin fight rough far away and over the nine eleven hills...

now with these new and improved drug slash terror slash virus laws i tell you boys we are in the pink...

land in india, more coming in afrikkka now don't get ride trigger happy we are going to need workers lots of worker...

speak to me spic in your spicorama saying domincans don';t work they let the haitians do it all...

i fucking fucked you for christmas and it's not even summer,  do you think i'm a machine?

don't i give you enough money for the hair salon huh huh all right then do what you need to do with the duvalier demons but from now on i'm saving myself for motel dates with my secretary...

secretly he yearned for that time when it was all expectation to be with hisl muse and write that book which turned into this mess much like his house turned to dust and dirt during the stretch of time without a name only music...

some people you love such a long time that they become part of your life -

he looked at her and there was only a song

that he'd sing to his wife -

sometimes he could still hear the chords ring in silvery gold like a knife -

the blade forgets the cut and forgets the blood that spilled the ancient strife -

chapter seven v2

The history of china is longer than any penis you can imagine. 

chapter v3

early in 21, some gungho do right left winging vegans got together, bought some land and let the animals not only free range but roam as free as the wild wind.

not long after, some of the animals still being more equal than others started bullying the folks in town in fact they got downright ornery which came as no surprise to the meat eating conservatives...

even the chickens were pecking at the childrens to keep the uneven tone of this tome in progress...

flecks of skin missing from the pre schoolers all of whom did their best to combat the arrogant fowl with broccoli and carrots but the first was vaporised soft and the second were baby variety which in turn were nothing like the bullets of defending expectations instead the feathered gang strolled away well fed if a bit disappointed that it werent corn  being thrown...

fights were held, new laws passed to prevent families from moving away as if mirroring the quarintine camps in other places...

until one day in planet of the ape fashion the beasts took over...

how quickly now the liberal vegans understood eat or be eaten...

but that was only in town, outside other ultra left wingers started drafting volunteers like insane american whores trying to make up for slavery with blow jobs in the ghetto...

oh i can't really remember, tucker carlson was on and tge next thing i know theres a cock spurting in my mouth, officer i swear it was not an intent to solicit...

still everybody hated the jews, it was the common denominator in all the other places you could think to go...

once in a while, the writer tried to make sense of it both  through goyim and heeb but it was pointless for at any given place in time a man woman or teen could rail against the jews and encounter the crowd's applause...

no pause, no reason, whatever season...

some argued it was the reason for the presidents second term landside -whoever thought two jews were better than one for anything but a joke must have got high with the judge and the pole dancer...

in any case, as the jews turned the table on the world  long ago by becoming the aggresor and the media manipulator, the writer thought there has got to be a way to have either side of this formula work in his favor...

of course it was only chapter seven and ten thousand words was more grit than he wanted for an individual section...goodmight charles.

in a dream got looking for a watch in the supermarket - samantha there - yet gone at the find - fine plate fendi - no drawers - then crowded by some detective arresting some other man for drug trafficking...he was dealing like he could care less except for the rational legalization of all drugs yes even in kindergarden doses you know for kids...

elsa crossed the ocean a shy depleted boyfriend slept through goodbye - milan was a fortress, and it always would be in the land of rom and rem a cup ramen ah men the fools in californication think they are connected like pure writer updating spy code once twice three times a lady as he started typing red and white now i know its an extra large favor but some of these bitches in los angeles need some extra protection cover as in asap mr mojo risin' never seen a woman so alone...so alone, he was and had been that the thought of a date turned him into a sort of irs self tax anxiety service h and h block go ahead anyelina use your hand while i look away and pretend it was mine.

post card from corona california, it wasnt me, love the coroner on the corner.



chapter eight

julia kim said it was cummings...

and so the writer was reminded of e e -

nobody not even the rain has such small deadly hands...

if memory serves, people were dropping like flies in Wuhan and points continental...

is the lincoln better than the cadillac, he's cheap she said and used to ride the subway...

even the hospital director went down to his grave some said it was the chorus nine teen covid others claimed it was the two rich jews trying to gain the nomination for president like a pass time either of them should have at that point already surmised - 

in america, there is no real anti semi truck height but there is also nothing against hating the heeb...

two other people talked about how milk was delivered seemingly in a live trance broadcast from the land of sudden sex tape -

mayor masturbation, but what else is a mayor to do...

one of the high profile jews went bowling with his opponents ass once upon a time circa the end of analove tv...

motor pussy women and big dick men what was it mojo nobody had a job in that glorious time on planet earth...

cummings was it said kim julia half of what i say is song lyrics...

the writer held a good enough chair at the rock star round table and delivered a single to a decentralized platform...

wanted man, a cover...what did men want, sure mass extermination and control of india and afrikkka but not if it meant losing revenue...

dear holy saint judas hold on is judas a saint thirty times a jew, jesus would know pound would say wounded part of the process, 

he married faviola and tattooed her initals in letter form...

jessica wanted to kill her but agreed that her taste in accessories was impeccable...

at the crossroads of what to do, someone came up with the  brilliant idea of using cryptocurrency to balance the books...

at the start to get things good and tidy an exchange was closed...a hundred million plus no refund in sight meant more time to reel in the mining process and spread good will or at least face masks among the target group selected for extermination...f coin up the ass of holders...

anyelina was  exhausted and jealous on one occassion, it was then that writer was again confounded by the nature of fidelity...

partly, it was all he wanted, but did it really mean turning one's back to another sweetheart...

well, you caint ride no two mules with one behind...

moo00ol, time zone impaired...we the creators...

could it be that one could only have one friend or in the case of creativity no friends?

like the jews, keep to themselves and put the n word clowns out front in fancy sneakers and chains go ahead get yourselves a little wasp woman or a senorita live it up like the white man we'll be over here laughing at you...

for ourselves ike we like the submissively quiet nature of the asian hot boxes besides theres enough of them to go around...

cummings, said julia kim...

the writer adored the newfound tranquility of wuhan even if people had stopped fucking outside...well also difficult to fornicate when dearly deep art departed the dead play eyes of the world...

when the postcard came - announcing the lady of black sparrow's visit, the writer cum rock star was pleasantly surprised.

she had the type of smile that contained itself in a clench yet a joy nearly religious seeped through like liquid in a heavily pregnant woman's panties...

what was it oh yes at least one correction for chapter 7 notes, the nephew did not really give birth to a bed but rather a bill fold or wallet !

the nsa was so displeased with the new jersey squadron that they took over the writer cum rock star in that we now possess you control invisible drone machine and even if he yells mo green dammit i'm mo gree- then shoot out an eye to get full attention do the work or we will all be forced to strap on diapers we know you are a republican but the democrats would have had these fools executed before you even knew about it what kind of family tries to turn someone into a fucking wallet...

and so it was without reminding anyone of the clinton bodycount which stretched back to jfk witnesses space the final frontier enigma in a riddle jimmy gotta go huff and puff hoffa flash in the pan nap frying snap pubic hair the sound of hernandez next time i'm really cutting it off...

he has to hold on to these moments nearly three years ago because on the phone with elton he echoed never did i ever win the oscar...looking out onto desolate wuhan avenues perplexed , having growd up in what some called hymietown , at the lack of jews,

then embraced him long distance wishing a tour with eminem would leg but he retired like he planned and made love to faviola until love made him fall hard asleep.

cummings, julia kim had claimed but without much of anything you could still convince the world it was or had been the heebs of course back then with the couple of jew million or billionaires running for nominational support well good ol america was far from helping any sort of rational argument far and wee see? si sister there it were stop and frisk himself against im not made of(f) hillary burning. hilarious, if one had that last straining remnant of laughter remaining which of course ,given the state of affairs and scissors no reference to lesbians obvuously , was not surviving with any sort of coherent satisfaction, funny yes but then fuck it's true or too water well deep close to a truth waddaya think is it safe to giggle or do we go out riot and maybe burn copies of red white darn that would be nazi shit...

the germans defecated in their trousers, jews and chinese well mein lo mein they been getting together for yeats years now julia said...ah.

ooh he thought there was something removed and read reread alike a proofreader but found no solution to it evolution still notes why worry

well, paul in hiz mommas house hung...all the sandwiches couldnot put himpty dimpty back on the force stream of interruption the some of sum staggers into a slow motion fade...

hernandez to the bali witch with monkey overhead and the slit spirit of khalo feeding her haters pain here i have his pubic hair and i dont want his penis hard for anyone but me.

raised eye brow. pause well all right us i mean it was me that brought the ingredient...

the witch then asked who is julia kim...



chapter nine

two jews walk into the democratick cock us, one says no condom spycho socialism and the other apologizes for switching from lubricant rebluprican but will pay your squadron of telemaze phone marketeers tv add on...

demo crack, both have smoked eight hours straight. bug eyed no condom has also done a few lines - but the apology on the other elbow has greased in morphine giving himself a queer air of im doing this all for you here let me kiss somebody...

demo high, neither want to mention is it really israel benny moss or anything too ethnic in terms of the jay word one seems down to fly into fight the other not so much only casual as if he has studied mrs kennedy taking over in spanish to the delight of the speak to me spic in  your spicorama sound and cant way wait to try out hisself on the hussy reporter filled crowd...

demo dinkinstein is where it was headed frankenstein...it was nearly as bad as you cannot imagine...i was ready to vote for beheaded!

or like in the dom rep with the glitch when they could have let it go but no we wanna go for it full platano next month...

hell, we might remove sunday from the calendar!

so the incumbent won as if this was going to surprise nobody nowhere...peek a news, but even so he thin thinks i told you so land slide...

ho grandma loved a sailor who sailed the seven seas...

son sony sonny its the united states of am i crazy so it needs to be put pointed out...

now then vack tack tavern back to story astoria hotel or queens burrough oh burroughs when me you fly i am the wings...

sings as things in rings as flings in brings the burden of chapter nine thumbing still as was eight the pros and cons of hitch cell phone riding...high king...

keyboard before it again begins. 

Well then there then now, thumb typing a few pages really is like marriage after a few months... He is thinking, knowing he shoulf be grateful, but hot dog he still can't change money at a fair rate without being hounded...

As writer, his journey has been made harder by the adherence to a sort of cult of self...

And while he has attempted to explain or elaborate on parts of this here, there is much more that could be wroted...

The what you know slash in front of you philosophy, not to mention the need or desire to stand away from the hack formulas you will find everywhere else. 

They work, sure, but it felt to him that this was the manner in which to style, to carve out his latest creation...

In any case, back to the story as it were..

The Jews were pissed, not that this was unusual for wouldn't you be if the women you held in marriage handed out horny looks at the likes of the writer...

He got up that afternoon, in the middle of chapter nine very prepared to make flight arrangements to see how the works were going in India. 

WOuld you like an oxygen tank and industrial strength air freshener spray with your hotel room, for some reason it was still entirely polluted yes even with the people all gone He figured some of them left their engines running...

Of course as it happened, nothing could be done that particular day as various nefarious groups attacked - some of them he surmised must have been the heebs for it was what he had been writing down in his notes for red white a novel in progress...

getting up he felt it, the strange sensation of not being as he had been or as the elite press call it climate change...

He had been dealing with climate change since the pee wars...

circa erase una vez ahem lola...

An undiluted mexican soap that washed well with him and his lifelong friend miss G no relation to mister G the weather man on eleven pix pix pix he did not win...

no wine, all whine some weirdo trying to tell toilet stories within his head and it werent even chinese women pee see pc picsy as he tried to  dream...and to not dream is to die except in meth labs where the chef needs to be wide awake - one could scream but what is the point...

no joint, all menthol cigarette coffee we are turning on the water like a theater piece meaning blow you down bowl discomfort despite the fact you didnt eat double barrel action let's see how long we can keep pretending a colon is a car trunk open says amy...

any ol fool anagram door way analysis...

he wasn't doing anything army so it's fair game, hmm should we park the toilet paper truck nearby...

of course, sometimes turning on the water was turned or translayed as bringing in semen or as you will instagram recall pee is stored in the balls...

The worst time was after recording his lullaby duet wherein he was so thrilled only to be killed by the make a butt hole suffer sure surfers if everybody had an ocean...

That time, he pressed on to gain the third take which has since overtaken the others as a favorite yet to have to find ways around one's own body without reason well what it is it johnny nobody told me there'd be days like these...

This time, he pretty much gave up not wanting to grind against the idiocy compounded by an assault with strangers at the mall not to mention the electricity power cut it semed to him to have certain segments miss a few news programs until the government friendly novelas came on the air...

or maybe some fanatic was intent on annotation for footnotes in the encyclopedia version of red white, we gotta stop him before we lose the trail grab him by the tail hes with one eyed lou yes the umbilical cord long gone but time gentlemen as you know does not exist...

In reality, he understood some people were furious or as the spokeswoman for lancome stated well some people don't even want you to exist...

the analove tv ad crodssed his mind...support group circle for santa claus and the like...

ex is t, t is for texas...poor white trash boys cheer him on still horrified by their girls giving it up raw dog to beaners and coons oh come on frankie relax wheres your team spirit yeah he was honoray texan mister ghost connections promised to not write about no lynch mob in them parts as one good turn deserved another even if silence had been equated with death details princess orgasm you gotta understand how it feral feels like a federal infraction to have your girls pussy invaded by inni minni minnie moe green immigrants and have to stand there like yeah whatever...

Now, despite living in the age of sound bytes out of context to weigh the writing well noby nobody moby would be able to find any dick hint of antipathy only facts, well yes some are imagined but it is after all a novel...

ahem. full metal there is no racial bigotry jacket here yes here you are all equally worthless...

No heroin, he was not trying to hide, freely he would admit a dislike of say the fat in general but even therein one would find an exception the point is mostly people go along in groups with or without the valuable resource of segregation and it is proven time and again throughout history...

the natural state - the beauty of racism - needs to be embraced otherwise it will strangle us all with that impossible race to "equality" ....

never was never will be not in the jungle not on the asphalt of Joplin missouri...

To say otherwise, especially in economic terms, is to lie.

As for the kicking kikes, well, beats me - as you might agree, bacon. 

Is that it, does it come down to pork? 

The argument might be sound enough yet it would leave the muslim maniacs in the same boat...

Jesus cast the demon into a pig, but come on it was one pig unless there was a pig apocalypse with only a demonized swine left to swipe his prepaid penis card within the few remaining female piglets...

hmm what will happen to india, will there be some kali infused high caste member left to build up bollywood...

Next novel idea, british secret agents gather at global points to track down the last hindu who has been trying get as many women pregnant as possible even dead women when he can't find live ones...

Ma'am do we castrate or terminate...

Both, she says with a seriousness that leaves only room to raise an eyebrow...

Both, you fools, the national museum needs its artifacts and I'd like to have a look at those family jewels myself...besides, left alive he could write a tell all go on the tele and record a podcast no, no, both and good riddance.

So good to feel like an empire again...

He did not make love to his wife that night, he raged against the ass jam jews and governments and societies intent on distraction as he ravaged her and although it felt good for a few hours, after he was left with the bitter taste of not having given her his best...

a reflection of an earlier girl in spring skirt and tan boots smelling a flower on full turn in front of him as he crossed the avenue so as not to run on ruin her nature vibe...

He felt to make love was to go all the way into heaven and hold on to a lightness in the clouds as the stars shone alongside the moon with the sun invisible on the other side of the divide, yes to make love required all of the self and none of the bullshit which would in turn make it simply hollow or that common procreation of subhuman species from some forced missionarty position - babies later groomed to work the corporate world order in a vicious circle never ending no way out roundabout...

Perhaps he had to wait for the next chapter to make love with the etiquette and respect a woman deserved not that some bitches should not be tied down and spanked until they pee their last drop mind you...

Two jews walk into the porn industry...did you read the book, tied down and spanked spread out into a dozen movies...tied down and spanked one, tied down and spanked double or nothing, tied down and spanked when the door bell rang here's threes company...tied down and spanked four your consideration...tied down and spanked live at five...

fee fih foh hum i smell smoke in the auditorium...

half chinese tilly meg looks as if holding a breath for the answer in another movie -

a sequel in fact - 

before the question comes -  it never goes away - the answer.



chapter ten

Some said he was made of metal, but others insisted he was made of rubber.

under questioning, he admitted, its the blubber i cant stand the blubber...

two hundred pounds folded up under a sari, she could have killed me and have you tried to get a burger over there why you may as well eat cardboard...

notice the leather shoes...

of course, he remembered those pleasant days with ms h and her rose farm horses...well, jack had a similar problem with the boys wanting to ride him raw...

ass, the other vagina...south korean macho men kick the crap out of holland...one of them exclaimed i'd rather go live in north korea now that this pretty boy has made us look like pansies - 

some, even many dont realize the fundamental difference between a womans derrier and a mans butthole as it is night and day...

if species extinction and global extermination were not in the way perhaps the writet would elaborate on the concept which he puck picked up from a spaniard novelust list who failed to go into fist -

the mist was clearing and he was going to a party with a film maker friend with which he shared dreams, her movie had made five millions dollars in usd currency and he was thrilled for her success...

nobody liked her and much less her trauma and so there was the danger of sabotage which came before he could make certain of the spelling...

telling you this and yet some of you are like who me not me i ordered the salad and voted for both jews et cetera -

but wait a few minutes as they turn around within the rarely mentioned ostracism of really is that what you are going to wear !!! 

well, i eouldnt be caught dead in fill in the blank fur polyester suit light bulb shoes whatever not to mention hair...

nword will not wont wear a fro dammit frodo the ring how precious is that no the writer has looked not since the late seventies not even in afrikkka,

groove on it, racism is in the blood always flowing...

ceo with a mantra on repeat walks into the boardroom wearing a mohawk, boardmembers go pale as newly risen zombies from the tomb and silent as nebraska town four thirty in the morning all of them vote for a new ceo dont even care if its a woman...

sometimes growing the palestine jumps at the chance to charge at his oppressor and we all call him a terrorist...

catwalk error and suddenly the brand needs re branding, who thought the man purse was finally going make a profit...

all this not to mention the economy, sure he's cheap and used to ride the subway but rod's even stingier and smells as if he had never got off the train...

kept rollin all night long...

he was not really made of rubber or metal except if you count some of his cover songs...



chapter eleven

does not everyone feel the synth...

the sin of our quick post modern synthetic emotions detached from any root  - reality...

he disremembers the word desinthesized, or rather the correct spelling...

remembering the meaning, weighing the frenzied callousness once and again thrown into rex red white...

hex red white it is perhaps what is that unwanted isolationism as if an entire nation with an imposed foreign policy so strict it might make him sick...

sick as a dog he howls after himself to retain some truth of identity...

sitting at a cafe with jizz fat korean wife mule, yellow cell phone and headphones on the narrow table he sees her beauty yet hosk his look tinted with fear elsa trouble sleeping perhaps leaving the wuhan hotel was not a great idea as reported cases and paranoia pranced through south korea...

she thong thinks he likes her tits and he does yay yet it aint the nipple or cup...pup up bark of curve it is something other about her that hounds him sweetly sweet...

can we live with them question mark , no.

to live with them is to lose ourselves or worse loosen ourselves...

alone too long it names tears nobody ever saw and makes him weep deep within invisible emotions of loss and despair...

ah yes hiatt lyric, i can be tough, i can be tender...

he is not however thinking of surrender but the seed of this tome...

theres another song on that record that speaks of a possible origin what is it yes uhm unnamed forces kill his love but the singer insists the wind doesnt have to worry she was already dead...

dont die in the middle of the day alawys wait for night...

little deaths mostly none care, careless living, yet once in blue moon, there it is, a case that brings you down to proverbial knees...

and so it was like dresden in germany or the two flights over japan evaporation of souls in a n instant that girl from barnard that happened upon her death while crossing the nefariously famous for wickedness morningside park...

hark hell he said feathers came flying out of course he being a culprit not the he herein nor the hee her kim if you get me jim-

the he herein made a connection to the amherst emily early on and the impression remained stamped like a tattoo upon the soul...

seoul, hmm...yes well the line that perched in that spirited place...

three against one episode revolt every night visitation...

he didnt want to and certainly didnt need to explain yet it all fit together alike pieces of a jigsaw puzzle meaning there is the catalyst.

desolation, his own that inconsistent sorrow never really as much as his joy and pride silent within his very core infinite even beyond sadness mostly - the trivial manner or lack of manners given to dickinson one of the few among millions to slant her truth in such a way that left only awe or it seems in the case of sit down uation come die envy and he speaks not of it more or again for being friends or having been with the protagonist producer -  and finally the demise of that girl so near our homes the aforementioned room of many meanings and the rooms of my beatnik angel devil crowd the naked road howl nova lunch...

ah look pook its only a hunch but dont you see the end of that girl is also a new end of the world for if it us isnt then all is everything meaningless...

the he part of three out for a cell phone grab money brag maybe weed she fought nail tooth they were three of part ghetto play kids middle school kids imagine it well dont it aint nothing but some will call them names and blame these darkies as a lot of others blame the jew blade bed wed wet and or muslim raid head med met mera et cetera

to look back gazing at the mansion of genedos

genesis well it is a wo det wonder to him but nothong or tits nothing in contrast to his me mule or how expensive a starbucks has ever been or become...

synth the feel everyone not does yes --- hard to explain through the pain of years yeats experience perception, possibly all his love too much love could not hold on enough to hold her hand without hearing the past revolve as bulldozers removed the structures recently built to sustain the virus captive in india and afrikkka for science now said the very walls were contaminated like graffiti on manhattan subways when spray paint was in fashion.

new plastic passion of the boo biodegradable variety was employed to adobe the who-ever got it growing again c one nine.

see nineteen hey we cant dance at all hall of he still hears her and all the newly dead look like deserved the deserved vengeance of a girl determined to get back to her dorm.

there might not be no coloured men left in peace throughout the northern cities by the time this book gets published or pushed down into a bestseller list as the ravings of a writer desperate for attention in quasi historical annotations but his dear readers know it sense it feel it the wuhanlity quality that cannot be counterfeit. 

in sum, after some things, nothing matters.

you no justice no peace might be tempted to argue for pacifism but a swift overview of timelines and terror will point out your error or you maybe feel that the revenge sensatoon soon sensation should be reserved for fam famy familay say a daughter bit coin hey lit coin to conference sit coin or stand he agrees and that is precisely the point no not the child his own but worse OURS where there are no hours to make up for the loss gloss over the double triple cross -

does not everyone...



chapter twelve

we cant let these folks simply lounge around people need to work...

they will start calling them concentration camps -

no no, work camps like for sure quarantine activities, hell we get it well enough they will be dying to get in...

not fucking funny,

hahaha...

he aint rubber or metal hes a pure breed puritan racist and over what a murder!

who hasnt killed some bitch in the park?

he needs to get his priorities straight, the nephew was counting on the wallet for a porsche a sort of upgrade...

people are all the same, they hate other people.

but what will happen to a great percentage of professional sports, contemporary music, and janitorial services?

you dont think hes planning on making us watch womens golf while listening to lawrence welk and having ukrainians throw out the trash?

the writer mentions no plan, outline, he is thinking however the tables need to be turned and everyone rocking daily pairs of expensive kicks needs to be frightened with the same fear we all understand...

lookit we done it to other colored folks beforehand meaning redskin scalpin injuns so what is a few million more coolies, ricans, cubans, mexicans, dominicans, haitians hey when is one of those sides going to grow some balls and stop time sharing the island oh right invisible slave system in place play ball everybody but not you from port au princess...

ok maybe not the mexicans, its too complicated and we might need another boat into cubanese in order to take over the cigar singar factories...

meanwhile what is the slowdown on production, at this rate it will take a dozen years toggle to get the chinese back to pure breed category...

should have got more germans involved hell they could have made socialsm work in the east once upon a time but those russian one taste of that fine germanic pussy well who can think straight after that...

secret weapon of the downfall of the soviet you knee on : bavarian bitches so tight they could have made snitches of all of putin's men...

when in rome, so now if they dont drown we can put thim in guisseppes building with the broken espresso machines mamma mia this i like it you couldnt even sit on the spanish steps without getting that afrikkkan odor...

cowboys and indians, here is something tutti we can all get behind but wait what is the spray for when the tv cameras come 

oh dear you are new, its only lysol, look over your stock incentives under RBGLY  that is the Reckitt Benckiser Group so lysol and only lysol man it was under twenty before covid non tain and now main sky rocket triple numbers but you need the real fancy hazy math suit with double barrelled back spray dispencers see if the girl that skippex collex after spencex graduation to work for the writer can come up witj a more colorful design...something greener...leafy, the idiot vegan liberals adore anything resembling what is left of our once green yet now devastated and infested mother nature.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The struggle to achieve a nap took most of the two days of the weekend. 

It was approximately the time when the contagion caught on in most of the I countries...

I ran to see, but like Satan, it had many names.

The new one was sars covid nine teen,

Fearing for her safety after amusement park rides, mule wore a mask to the coffee and peanut shop while the witch now more evil than ever usurped the energy from the floor as her slaves rubbed themselves against her body.

Hard nipples weighed the how and when of pubic hair sex magic as she started to give away possessions in order to clear her surroundings for the act.

City through owners, he said to a couple of bigwigs, to run for that office you need the very personality that man ain't got!

Late February, he remembers it clearly for being the time when a series of art works were done.

everyone said when resilient because is east named music.

In the east, in the far east...

rumor had it that in fact a cover up was in play as the practiced piece stated well the only level roman numeral lab in china happens to be in the same city province where the outbreak began the beguine...

wins astro hyper physics do ready chess -

lagos la ghost la jemima bird explained via telepathic australian transmission that is like saying a car can only crash in say a factory in detroit since they are made there or used to be...

manufacturing job robot, the crowd blames the jetsons...

his boy el ron hubba hubba, readng by the like they after have free...

cut down up beatnik reaction line fine he sees the female free of the world in a trance that gives him a headache every time he lays me down to sleep, pray the lord her soul to keep...september see through seep serpentine torture of words when they wanted him to be like every other hack while he fought to make it new oh the nude news that stays poetry how he freed himself from that zoo is another berlin wall matter or afghan peace treaty...

idlib hell nine year covid dream he was working out a theory about revolution...

boomerang, the wood cannot be dried...marinated crabs and persimmon poison barney lowered flag ship store whore he told you now proven period five million pounds for the whitewash but he still could go backwards...

like anything when there's something to  gain 

or even gay well speak to me spic in your picorama habla sporte...deporte, viagra man daughter prose tit toot soon down low determined doctor same sex marriage bought the propaganda ticket took the ride...

routine and elusive why one might think there was nothing in the world aside from vulgarity when certain two knees knock together entirely to tax imagination languange and dare he say it laove yaove love or luv no wait can't we go back to lulu getting plugged in to the dance track which empties the palace...

there was no perfect family and yet his own was a constant punishment between neglect and the burden of that connection...

whoa week sixty eight protest got to meet the presidente...

ever had dinner with the president? ahs presented the cube in apocalypse ice said i never have dinner with the president...

all right all ready as long as yemen is not mentioned -

was jemima bird foreshadowing, huh, literary technique unique someone check to see nobody escaped from the clinique...

Playing with peanuts while friend pigeoned for a part time job, mule missed the writer who suddenly finding himself back in wuhan space luxury on an empty train decided to masturbate mister himself master he thought an empty train in asia well this might not happen again for hundreds of years.

Reembering the deformed crushed bodies of hindus trampling themselves at the rush hour stations or falling off onto cuts and bruises upon the sharp tracks as their ride whistled away he grinned while the pre cum curved upward and his pluto penis platonic throbbed glistening moisture at the tip like school day spit he made certain to wait until later until late.

It was neither Saturday nor Sunday more like the middle of the week those few years later that felt like only minutes had transpired.

With the raging sperm trapped again, he searched through the quasi blur of the glass to find the town as desolate as the train.

 He knows well, none of us matter in the end, anyone might be replaced as the divorce rates provide evidence or as monsieur prima and miss smith pointed out in the stomp bop life goes on without me or if a more modern equivalent is required big audio dynamite's life carries on even when i'm not there...

Well, allow me to ammend in constitution fashion -  while some say very few individuals are or become indispensible most of us are not , yet durng that ride he felt as if he were one of the most important people on the planet.

Sort of like an infant held by the invisible arms of a mother goddess queen saint groovy sort of girl...

Feral white feline, as if magic the pork chop from the skies, ran with a bit bite, he adored the feeling of feeding a familiar and watched for the return wherein frenzy was replaced by deliberate gnash and gnaw yes even claw for the bone stuck meat law.

Adjusting his face mask, he did not look back in regret at leaving his second floor h-two offices or the peekaboo illegal surveillance by whatever means la esposa joven seven cdn deportes eight honk insane cvs light flash knock door beggar no legs husband or the neighbor loudspeakers yet his plants he did mourn for a city kid to grow trees is well magic as he stepped onto the station's platform on his way to hotel to write these notes that could offer no alternative explanation of the outbreak except to note that throughout recorded "time" there has always been a meteoresque thing...

let us, ladies and gentlemen, live with the fact that we have become the dinausor and there's nobody hardly here to blame from 1945 radiation constant cost radio alert oil spill ocean kill agent orange power plant asbestos world war three or worst us what a thrill.

The r and u countries followed but that did not mean corona virus cum covid nineteen cum sars covid 19 was at the top of the billboard charts not by a long shot sure it was rising with a bullet but first we needed to brainwash the american population for the upcoming election that is to say bs mr magoo had to be made to loki look what heart attack which grandchild dead not me i got mighty mouse super formula ussr solution contribution two hands and a dildo electric so there socialism so much the writer could have puked vomit everywhere anywhere still we all know how it true turned out now now no need to shout.



chapter fourteen

holding an umrest no one should with his spring in the grave like pittsburgh the pioneer heard rag time airport six piece happiness kkkonjugate conjewgate knew that more had walked the wed and held her hand no and yet yes.

WHy was that umrest, uhm...his joni antenna up too high erection pours pee where it should not duff son said people pee on the toilet she explained to him the sinking feeling...

and thus his mind went reeling...two days dreaming with nothing to tell...

portrait of the artist more so, eyes pluck what the fuck hockey play guitar you pluck she said he thought and fought everything impossible between goodly evil grooves ungodly and holy truth -

reaching back at accomplishment novel nine or ten this and the others six plays screen ninety stories mostly published thirty poems none too dirty not to the mention the thousand others and then some so yes he again felt like a writer, the writer and some of those recordings he could still stand to listen to even his own voice choice show is that a fan a fanatic or reflection of egomania like love for love's sake...

i don't actually have to write having wroted so much and more perhaps the time is high nigh to edit for the sake of eternity...he pondered living

sky mixes with sea...alreaady dead slave trader  said still alive...

the process of writing is prerecorded, the writer transcribes this is transcription...

even th ead libs abs leeds ad libs are from long ago gone times returning look away dixie hand...

ham and eggs green eggs sioux doctor operation history...

the number nine was the witch's number -

six times nine the circles in her spell and for some days she held the writer enslaved or if you will saved from prose...

leaving the spell through a seduction unexpected he dreamt of a little girl, you know the type the ones that make you a better homo sapien more of a human with their grace and innocence as in the russian or the michigan six camera for some reason ethereal but palpable...

he was with he supposes the child's mother when the little girl asked if he could sleep on his bed...with a yes he turned to tune the resting place for her yet felt a body under the the covers with the weight of a body which he moved sliding onto floor which then turned into untuned stacks of manuscripts...

he awoke wondering who the girl might be more than what it all meant -

meat she might eat yet the history of china she cannot guess even as a guest at her school...

east side, i smile at the ceo of wearing skirts in the winter which is sort of a quote...

now the boat - 

even before company video virus thinned out the population china was an ongoing fight -

italic letter nobody says it like american politicians and extremism right nobody but everybody knows they are chinese -

six teen hundred years before chris t - 

throne coup throne coup throne coup thrown coo cutting up the land in such fashion style;

three kingdoms, hey alike our deed room, three thousand sound echo death valley, six teen kingdoms -

now wait a minute mister ink, there were twelve cherry bullets and now we are down to eight, you gotta control that luciferian lust - he can only respond that it is his godzilla given right to get to the topamost of the popamost...

now then there where were we ah yes a couple of empresses which one should naturally conclude were the most wicked and alluring women of their time that is to say how else could they have got that pow wow power...

we com to come two mongol division invasion and then manchu not to be confused with mangu gogogo speak to me spic in your spicorama ...

blue flag, red flag, you could say it all finally got together on one october rocktober ah look alover alike the bolshevik red flag yet that would be an oversimplification -

romper stomper aussie skin heads started in onthe chino chink chinese during the summer after all flights from the mainland were restricted the writer however caught a glimpse of a shaved head agent trained in profound sexual satisfaction, she said she had already seduced many of them and if you listen closely everytime the minister says spectrum you can see him blush at how hard he came inside me...even stopped mentioning us for a while going whatever country the infiltrators come from...sure was a scene...morrison no comment lizard lips this is the end my beautiful friend the end...

in the notes intended for the love monument he jotted  as hiatt put placed it the fighting ain't never done...

nobody knew his name reference as prelude here :

SHANG they sang ZHOU they knew QIN within early dynasty evolution win HAN for verse not free into THREEKINGDOMS who me no WEI yes way SIXTEENKINGDOMS pray JIN day say SUI pay lay TANG culture hang EMPRESS bitch SONG chi wah wah guitar SOUTHERN SONG twang YUAN that as mongol wits - MONGOL- that is mongol tits - FORBIDDEN CITY built to forget nipples one imagines ka ching -QING notice nearly way whoa back to " qin " these MANCHU now as in fu man phu woman or vu ape teen vape not again boiling bananas no it real was opium all the way into everywhere -1949 or a few years after the end of the world

dig wig how the first three letters of those ending lines read out mao, pronounced mar- 

say tune itunes runes the spell people more beloved than pol pot oh and yes we cannot dare  to conceive or convince our selves first world bank toasters how much he is loved allow the writer to define it as worship -

yes worship was the ideology herein once upon a time that held no umrest...

epilogue 14

(although the paragraph fails to reflect the passage of time in and of itself and by time he means centuries, perhaps it should be read at an unusually detained speed even if it is abundantly clear that we are a long way into the lost art of letter writing epistle it's all episodic commercial animation that is to say there might not actually be choice as we speed into elephant extermination age while rebuilding the hindu lands oh stop already about the caste system sure it was fun while it lasted but you can still dress up for halloween and if anybody sneds me anymore leather loafers made in india there will be hell to pay he turns to tune out and finds himself back in korea with his fat wife that has taken to a bit more exhibition of flesh than he in his puritan sensibility would like oh once a mule always a mule and racing across the face mask littered roads he finds kim the hee and holds her hand happily both fully dressed in shyness and a depech mode silence that will haunt him the rest of his days.)



chapter fourteen v2

Perhaps, he was too much in love when he swiftly penned the note in the book of worship for it seemed to him from his semen reserves of now the covid is in the city that never sleeps days when insane democrats voted en masse to gogogo grope that he roped down a more fluent list of dynasties along with emperor names not only empire...

stop touching yourself - you'll go blind - love is blindness - can't see anything else - was it like that, he disremembers...

julia hahn stood at the border between greece and turkey...

video glitch food itch ear tunnel forced to listen to local spic speaking spout out shout not jot not hot it had rained for two days after he read the sorcerers poesy a cautionary tale...

aside from the candy man there seems to be another force of nature which time cannot hold and so timeless - past present future like a tornado rip through land where was it tennessee...even the dishes...

events foretold in a spin sensation that cannot be revealed within logic well dream perhaps -

down club until it is a feel - he hesitated, he slowed because he was lying - an air lingus flight attendant smirked -

little knife necklace everyhere he turned where...

little knife necklace cut him down to pure lust, exposed his desire...

people school but opening checkmate queen -

like abracadraba yes gina except new tattoo noce nice pyramid shape yet the ferling feeling it was worse than  that drooling...

where flower night various squirts at the thought coming video culture...

he pondered, i have been reduced to nothing more than the very patriarchy robot so long battled against...

Americans in a prime directive guessing game - cut rate the federal interest reserve -

vermin - he practically slept through a trip to the shop lighter no matches and so where and what of love if little knife necklace could puppet me white goddess -

nevermind the anti blonde writings, the adorable brunette koreans oh em gee wife mule wonder woman and on the day of angela's graduation you know it was one thing to go into godzilla when andi not the chinese emperor or as it would have been in her case empress suggested he needed god, but another model no not even leo would be so - well, he would be if the stories are true -

he could hear them calling him a fuck boy, immature, never could keep it in his pants---

probably went raw dog - kasper barked - the witch had returned from the temple, he was frightened, fearful as when someone does you wrong and attempts to mirror themselves so you feel the anxiety -

yet, he had done nothing except think, well then he did ink - 

blink cat trust there was a point to this joint yet join the jot he must oh muse how simple it would have been with you near -

he avoids the echo, the sister insanity, the vision that strangulates one eyed lou, the everything but what s important - 

clear as day scientologist, now frosty with silence - june liu was the porn scene he held like yeah that looks so much alike the worship muse but then he doesn't wanna tell you the same thing occured with a car driving he skipped the record skipped black ice into a sudden stop - what am i tom cruise...he weighed the reacher, never listen to a preacher...blast of ac dc she won't even say that word-

in disguise what is salvation to aliens - 

allied forces never even knew ah look replay benny under the radar...

radioactive disguise the agent cannot trust his own imagination - 

might be neath a spell, might already be in hell, conflict made jew no you know you you know who you are yet not what you may become...

shakes memory dame taylor story - tell you the title baptism by desire -

she might have said something but his ego was always in the way - 

and now he never mentions the name of that chinese muse in writing, a price he willingly pays for having troubled the aura and vibe of others all those weeks in weakness as he wore nothing save wanting her -

what her here is another - it was probably at the time of spengler, some bonehead started in with history like a mother starting in with food mailer can tell you until famine wraps a continent...well, it's history you can't argue with historic facts and boom or even obiden well we will see about that hat how now a spic in self sponge spontaneity saying that spicorama like it's the end of the wo-

wuhan, whoa, han solo, his theory woe is they should not have had that kylo rent play -

no matter, we can fix this, i am not a crook - 

a cook the meal oh right how he goes on and on like a lunatic wait election erection yummy little knife necklace there he goes again always too honest meanwhile ms chu wore leather and the sure about this man acted gentle, nothing to see here see we is friends but as the clash sang when somebody gets murdered his name cannot be found meanwhile ms liu in a face mask grooved a diamond plug in her other end as the liquids did bend...

up around the send sands of time timeless well it had to be you six oh...

oh little knife necklace makes me want to sing the goal dagger song chelsea...

she'll see now then to the frat to the sorority house of these notes redux -

actualized from a museum list which labels first the XIA as unconfirmed or if we get paranoid then classified in any case more than sixteen hundred cheers before chris T - 

SHANG, hangs the name, ZHOU, not alone roy, WESTERN ZHOU, any more yes, EASTERN ZHOU which then reportedly brings in the spring in her step hehehe must sound like shoe that sullivan shew zhou and the autumn period not as in punctuation or menstration no name dynasty warring states period or as anette calls it lillith - QIN eskimo into QIN SHIHUANGDI he wonders how hard she could shihuangdis ER SHI - like the sci fi novel - he plays the wizard with earth sea at the edge of doom not the slow internet browser but this ongoing destruction of natural resources and lack of education in so called school houses of holy HAN then WESTERN HAN yes like a kilo sale to DEA they would cut down solo and ren would say GAODI burroughs reminds you that it is a war universe - GAODI not to be confused with es pain his architecture barcelona date rape capitol of the girl let's put her in the HUIDI car and take photographs for the social media - LU HOU aha might be the origin of lu lu chu recently seen picking up an order at WENDI well ain't we all borned to run JINGDI  these are names of rulers within the said period semi colon maxi pad please except the drug enforcement take all your money and home office why would we ever make it legal well alright weed we also wear ahem WUDI partner homonym new book apropos  ZHAODI  shadows these names flicker fog in the easy to forget light of genius XUANDI and YUANDI but you caint have it all little havana changed no castro CHENGDI amen AIDI mini name test connection PINGDI his second last name RUZI well in anagram formation no bang no bang WANG MANG  here comes EASTERN HAN  GUANG WUDI MINGDI ZHANGDI HEDI ho ho ho SHANGDI ANDI i knew it still goofin on elvis SHUNDI CHONGDI ZHIDI HUANDI LINGDI XIANDI lecture farvar beans that liver presented the SIX DYNASTIES  and then THREE KINGDOMS starring; WEI, WENDI MINGDI , SHAODI, GAO GUI XIANG GONG, YUANDI,  WU, WUDI, FEIDI,  JINGDI, MODI,

SHU HAN, XUANDE, and HOU ZHU

bless you -

WESTERN JIN DYNASTY 

waif wait wife he takes a break next cha cha chapter.



chapter fourteen v3

the western Jin D...to continue;  Wudi

it muss ta hav bean a popular name

Huidi

which college is jingo bingo

Huaidi

nobody the gigolo sang

Mindi

no mork

egg of Northern and Southern Dynasties starts with Sui Dynasty chop chop...

He remembers, distantly, thinking yes this transmits part of time's passing as maybe it should yet how easy it is to forget -

as difficult as Irish history or perjaps more so -

ever since six counties and next door republic hmm right before the storoes stories sinn feinnn shone...

yes another tale he lamented to homself home himself always wanting to onclude in too much...

even the ghost of bianca appeared oh what is that line he used to love, mac the knife beth,

once upon a tome time with head open and blood spilled that was the end of it but high ho now the dead wont die...paraphrase...

as a stage actor, he exits left his crotch on fire the flames glowing yet all he envisions is her face as if her spell came photographed-

it was about then the virus mutated like a potato for french frying fries here there everywhere old mac agency had a farm and on his farm he had chemical weapons...

uneasy dreams the dark faces of strangers get your pause offa me bloody apes...

planet council refused his godzilliqa coin faucet...

they make it so obvious, cease fire sexy next day bombing bombs away...

tally ho! pin the tail on the boxing promoter,

round nine hundred the speech center coup voice of failures filled from the right side listen if it is audible them then it must be true...

he shrugged it off like judas dylan to play fucking loud...

perhaps there was free bird yelling, the brides hearing the wrong voice because any ol fool can raise his vocals and scream for the scam...

mule was double upset but how could he make her see it was hardly ever we -

miami or manhattan or mad woman up the stairs which hairs where was i ah yeah witch...

stitch of water agaisnt the fire-

jacked by a peeping hand reaching then the aforementioned jeering my the tjings one cam do while leering-

or for that matter steering-

turn turn turn to everything there is no season,

just ate hungry!

we woll wall will put place restaurants all over the fucking world...

yet ham stir he could not wait and so they feed on their own newborn like that goya painting which he pointed out to his aint aunt as an example of recurring truth if course she only found it repulsive...

to distinguish the name disguise period ehich begins here Wendi already mentioned alike som sum others one could 581604 coldly but we prefer boldly plus it makes dear reader fumble double read tumble espevially if in a romance with drug or spirit drink- ahem

Yangdi and Gongdi and then

Tang Dynasty but doan forget all of these cul be be sp spilled different -

with Gaozu, Taizong, Gaozong, Zhongzong, ruizong, Wu Zetian, Xuanzong , Suzong, Daizong, Dezong, Shunzong, Xianzong, Muzong, Jingzong, Wenzong, Wuzong, Xuanzong, Yizong, Xizong, Zhaozong, Aidi (Zhaoxuan) it parentheses into Five Dynasties yes he did say it wax was longer tax than a thugs dick mingzong undercover in the zone since age fifteen see ya later Liang after a while crook a dial Taizu, Modi oh theLater Tang withZhuangzong, Mingzong, Feidi untilLater Jin in Gaozu and Chudi for Later Han band Gaozu and Yindi then Later Zhou starring Taizu, Shizong until Liao Dynasty and Song Dynasty first Northern Song Taizu, Taizong, Zhenzong, Renzong, Yingzong, Shenzong, zhezong, Huizong, Qinzong to Southern Song Gaozong, Xiaozong, Guangzong, Ningzong, Lizong, Duzong, gongti, Duanzong (Di Bing) it been Yuan Dynasty: Shizu, Chengzong, Wuzong, Renzong, Yingzong cough (Taidingdi) Wenzong, Mingzong , Ningzong such alliteration therein (Shundi) Ming Dynasty; Taizu [reign title: Hongwu], Huidi [reign title: Jianwen]), Chengzu [reign title: Yongle], Renzong [reign title: Hongxi], Xuanzong [reign title: Xuande], Yingzong [reign title: Zhengtong], Daizong [reign title: Jingtai], Yingzong [reign title: Dienshun] (restored to throne), Xianzong [reign title: Chenghua], xiaozong [reign title: Hongzhi], Wuzong [reign title: Zhengde], Shizong [reign title: Jiajing], Muzong [reign title: Longqing], Shenzong [reign title: Wanli], Guangzong [reign title: Taichang], Hsizong [reign title: Dianqi], (Ssuzong [reign title: Chongzheng]) alas Qing Dynasty: Shizu [reign title: Shunzhi], Shizu [reign title: Shunzhi], Shengzu [reign title: Kangxi], Shizong [reign title: Yungzheng], Gaozong [reign title: Qianlong] ,Renzong [reign title: Jiaqing], Xuanzong [reign title: Daoguang], Wenzong [reign title: Xianfeng], Muzong [reign title: Dongzhi], Tezong [reign title: Guangxu], and Pui [reign title: Xuantong])pui it said he quoted and voul could not recognize then peekaboo vulcan search engine puyi presto puyi purr prerecognized even viewed the film three times what a difference a why makes chromo zone y xyz...

pui aka puyi the last of them love song emperors woll will it be so putin hmm poutine vladimir pouts which successory shouts big dog cease for fire hire turkey he thought ah to be at home in the sam era samara same putin forever still fee phrenia prattle pray pin we see inside what watered down the house of aisin gioro briefly restored 12 a nickle of wives five Li Shuxian the nurse of last loves fap four Li Yuqin hey little girl in the high school sweater the emperor sure wd like to know you better you bet concubine fu full paid to parents three Tan Yuling furniture concubine xiang sixteen like a christmas tree two Wenxiu too ugly how fugly others said of consort shu who divorced later three hindred thousand with a house in peking finally the one second choice Wanrong his never sex empress addicted to opium's heaven freed in jail phewee a list like that might cold kill anyones love of history...and yet on what else might we stand question mark understand cloud servers ha jin was one of the last chinese writers he had read dear not so yet no fear hears here of course most of us dont know the names of oir our own before this time ancestor trees...

only that they were on the cover of statement ah no that bee kristina hey look another half dentist hmm should we jessica her knife 

.eaning meaning back to story the play the thing the words which rings bring ...)



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Longer around required - little flowers are made for blomin' little necklace was made for mine...damn what is a dram glass snake grass he rolled the government forty elephant strain cigarette purple emotion impossible what was the dream or was it only worried thoughts in  a caffeine stream...idiots wore his nearness, wanted him to diary but this was a novel in the age of novel virus oh well or hell the truth can only be seen later even if the fact comes first..

thirst day it was Sat ordeal Sat urpay with every trick in the dick book not to mention whistling, the spic government was out with loudspeakers...

WEWILLBUYANYTHING OLD OR OLDER -

AVOCADO suitcase LECHOZA dead girl at the farm they didn't care car horn honk dave van ronkenstein - fare thee well who were these inept boneheads that allowed such noise not to mention electrical failures at this point in the future...

alibaba and the forty thieves now jacking any motherfuckers walk into Asian headquarters tap app green you can ass - red you cannot gas - tracks location - perfect nonsense weapon - freedom fighters weep, he wept it felt after a walk not for red or even pink but that inky sorrow from somewhere that hates itself he hats himself - thinks back the brought up method down these blocks to caribbean but don't you see we are all ultra rich sure but why struggle so to get near my shoulder...cock suckers the tiny girl stopped and he stopped while thinking of the cruelty of earrings at that age she must have been two or three calf high like jane except she stood transfixed waving then waiting he was used to it and patiently grinned and shook his head in no particular direction before grabbing bacon or some other mass produced and frozen thing imagine the cost of keeping all this food only for profit instead of giving it away as we should...then the hint to use a shopping car t no i ain't got no driving license you see as the clean pretend we clean these things carried on but he liked her he always had and put up with it as good ol vlad sent in the AT large signal smile yet there it was the longing for let us see if not necklace then ms goo avower yes miss goo avower minutes to green go goo ooh is it red oh is it read oh my it must have been the girl that borrowed it when she went for a walk well that worked and they let me in sex pistols in the headphone nobody calling on the telephone yellow nails anyelina yeah yeah except her love words are for more four amore minutes but he caint brush by someone without reason the season of logic sentence destroys poetry kills the poet the dead poet swears wears his walking away knowing some ungodly thing has transpired the mystery of here or there everywhere calls the calmmander in chief well why not two fucking walls...stalls, stumbles, belly steaked with fries...the new face mask millionaires giggle...everyotherday a chino china person gets sprayed or swollen by physical abuse...the death dwarf told the story about darkies being made for travel flesh bettrr transport but the asians who were as removed from china as alaska kept asking at what price - still, koreans in losangeles already knew these things from long ago broken windows and bitten merchandise not bitter yet better advised you can tell by how their children walk or walk away...j black might never return love her most wearing pills mule was at the point of despair of course the high made her emotionally constipated as he anticipated her saying if you leave me if you ever leave i will take a lot more than seven pills he spied ecstasy decongestants anti inflammatory stories and unknown sexual stimulants...instead of tears her face breaking out in acne which he called cancer for no other reason than another korean forehead omg bruh it's cancer exclaimed as she underlined her pimple edge white yes funny unless you had the dance of that bachata infection like a sister's boss stage number what was it - sitting at the ballet the white woman smiled at his harem yes even then as she said I had it five times oh well oh well mister five tough guys don't dance now this was the perfect time to kill mule and be done with it but although she treated him like a step son he loved her potential and beyond that was never fond of guilt - not a quilt he wanted to knit at least not yet but the thought of murder distracted him enough to see what was really important, yes it was still revenge. however no time for that and he delved devil deep into desire for her to see that she didn't need anything other than herself and well some material possessions to go with education... because evry girl needs knick knacks snacks and packs of pretty nonsense -

nonetheless time zone impaired, did thinking of her prevent her sleep dream deep prose or even this rose -

arose a message, dear jessica, i have started the work, even visited the temple in traditional attire and sacreficed a mother cow along with all her young but as two of my four dogs barked while defending my escape I thought I could hear them say don't share it with the bank girl, don't let the teller in on the take, you know there is something about these two, maybe more luna than casper but whatever here's the thing yes I appreciate your intention but obviously I did all the work and deserve the rewards really a man's genitals should be dedicated to only one girl and because witches have had such an awful time in the past well it seems only fair that I have a ball hahaha well i hope you understand. tq & bye bye yours, the ninth witch of even tide and sand.

Meanwhile, everytime he turned his devotion or even his glance at miss goo avower previously known as little knife necklace there was a sort of white magic rising, early on manifested in desire, then in true treasure found like a direct line from fate or so he felt, and although there were other examples the one he points to is the pleasure of breaking free from everything else wherein neither violence nor vulgarity could intrude enough to hound him it was as if nothing found him except her - 

indeed too good to be true, a honey pot perhaps a hussy playing him to again be the fool full phone dream drama was it love...

this now two, three years later he is still not certain except that some of that magic evidence remains and once in a while even returns -

too many cigarettes burn - ashes though everal wives, consorts, concubines even if it was entirely contrary to what he wanted oh to wet just one in justice bone!

ever all wives, it was so hard to write this chapter breathing down my back shadow proof echo of before hand paragraph but to have to stack papers from a typewriter again you cannot imagine the weight of the suitcase lug gage one eyed lou fo-fo-food he screams in jest and yet the animal meaning is clear,ah clear hunter was a si senor scientologist he had no idea silvio gotta let another girl go olive younger cold pressed he verge in privacy sing song...

mamma mia, who did you let in this time at this hour doan you know they are sleeping across the ocean...

high as bugs bunny fat wife mule removed her clothes and fought the elmer fudd invaders -

is it you was that you across distance no id danger of overpopulatex heaven heave ho do it do it overtime stranger destroying love like an incessant co worker wet while he waited revival woodstock redux wee hours alone showers wont wash away in fedelity spin track filched sponge ache cake a toast to chaos!

it was so-called international wonman's day, bitches walking since 1911 to what end the kitchen barefoot pregnant already got the dolls picked out for daughter cycle recycle recurrence record he stopped playing when witnessed venezuela whore themselves street themselves eat themselves for no other reason than econo line me too age lying homosexual pretense never even been with another man saying his democrat boyfriend bullshit i didn't even use a straw let me be on the tele vile shun everybody who ain't us while those girls suck the truth waiting on the petro or some other prayer mad euro.

maduro, did i bring the house down, no huh but the covid hotel did collapse...guaido double agent bangs a nun undercover bag man grinding for the pay they say notice none of the border south politics wants to hands on che help the hopeless save for that prim promise no i wont cum in your mouth -

bitch can draw semi truck quote wheels in hell ex hell indeed how do such folks even breathe,

now then might i please proceed with the airy work at hand without the invisible manipulation -

he swirls into a conclusion, defending his euro choice still higher than the dollar as laments not placing more on the pound sterling. 

pretend to be gay saviour of the met ooh interviews on the tele vile shun, sounds a bit like lipton dead found around the time jack welched out to no echo more know econo lie meat, but there's no pavarotti tint beard, tell us an expression that inspires you, jerk applauded for sodomy asked ;

the writer rolls his eye at this lauded creep and from the corner of his mouth whispers, when a girl tells me  "i'm sixteen."



chapter sixteen 

He writ wroted chapter seventeen before sixteen. Allured by a cut up and subsequently disenthralled by said method still pioneer with a self preference, reference of fold in he could not exactly hold in and in returning to sixteen,

he improvised the opening, shots are fired at the president's action jacket well what will we do now back to milhouse they can't lick our -

he hesitates, dick - does it still stand the test of dictionary -  these are my secrets - 

time, what is that ticking, tick of loss, gloss memo memory pan dem ic icky thump twenty three skid ooh nothing but farm icy and food truck shop package stimulus 

it's what jennifer said song muse last of the hewlard packet pocket socket no locket nuance at the church of her done with nazi school on to world rule vegan yet enjoys the taste of chicken thicken flavor well it is one way to chapter. 

meanwhile he mentions the fake jesus folks and suddenly it;s a frenzy - sears search party hunts down stand in saviours, the ancient gods giggle...

he wiggles out of head ache bake to give it another take...yet is he himself a fake...

how do you really know you are not already dead -

when a girl says i'm sixteen or really anything for that matter so long as the mattress is the same -

well then story ; tell when glory -

grox grizzly cub, the grox undefined, it was a 

dream vicious violent like a modern city rent increase nothing but eggs and the silent fear 

legd walk past the homeless like a haunted threat candle the flame anywhere to devour light light candle flame can't see in the dark he settles in the black out a white table candle on the upturned vasline cap resting upon the edge of the tub no rubber duck one look at her ankle bracelet and all he wanted was to fuck sand in the socks she did not know how it got there these things happen to witches except hair in the socks future veterinarian shaman she was fourteen oh wow it sounds like rain with yellow vased roses he recalled while elsa rallied against her diet in a once upon a time hometown whisper of sparrow he could hear the burning burning like get out of denver go yet did not imagine vaseline blue cap snap melt felt smoke filled and so what is the real cost of an unstable electrical system...

hours later still the witch held him in a trance he could not have imagined or anticipated poached like a baby giraffe surrounded by cats

under a birch tree livestream service...

he waited for the time difference to settle, then himself insomnia in wrong turn worry -

to upset a witch was to risk one's life...

it still seems like moments ago even now these few years later -

two by two the crumbs of containment

reached old canada, contaminated conditions

extent of spell tent the cursed episode one

the pro ced ure he viewed a picture a personal item and the persons name in chinese characters...

still we know it's the casual that spins the greater web to ebb - 

the jews murdered dalva and she left them the demon of infinity or as the new york times called it pete and repeat -

antisemitism is a dangerous thing to promote with such a statement yet he halts your hail with the fact that it is a theory based on reverie...

no substantial proof or if there was poof -

they yell she is not a witch with prebuscent regression disguised attempt to cut down image in the opposite manner of christian iconography yet germany geography went further than a father can land make in two shhh he could not land -

they say naomi is a nazi by way of the AfD

climb it denier celebrity death match greta

klimtstones. gustav watt, wizard of twice down the stairs ozaru yao and then ran in heels across the avenue eight twenty - and there he was thinking it was done in 2016 but 2020 dwarfed the nil son date.

have you ate, eight times a sandwich...now hard on in the witch not fourteen -

goat airs oz trip and stumble mary evans pershing perish mannish boy at the age of five

listening for return...sr, desk like intimate- 

man wore two glasses curtained hallway

i could feel the trap this is missouri and the girl needs to be fifteen before you can talk to her like that with a maxed out credit card von sydow sigh who will make the sword

my vow in the twilight zone a most unusual position to be in ...

she has a boyfriend and have you even heard from hosk since she arrived ha!

a good point, was he ready for marriage - the very thought induced a slight twitch that seemed to want to smile ha!

thing was impossible no ring was true -

if you will permit him to improvise ... sing

still he steadied his nerves and tried to make love to ms goo avower by jings he could not stop hop hope hero bang nero sang because he anted tobe more than a statesman fates man fate in hate he beheld himself dying to seep in to the soil of one flower and be buried there as it were with her yet snake skin pants and such nipples well mule took the malibu rum in between more pills making herse;f and half the social media crowd cringe with the buzz kiss like peach fuzz galvan one pearl ear pregnant perfect he thought he was always thinking but what else was there to do now captive to the whims of girls...

kenzie stood on the train tracks, he recalled the olden time open tuning song in d i can't go home this way...suddenly joli as in marie nearly mirrored the shot host vs.co -

macau loft make dunno -

have an am dunno elegy intimate stance suddenly elsa same as the speak to me spic in spicorama of graft banana switch vagina to anus a news tory the m sixteen is an automatic rifle and the instant message sixteen is a secret service already knew americans guessing at the endgame well if a pilot spots an alien and tells the tale there must be a fine yes the finest -

who ordered the cotton candy on it all how tall was that gum chewing glam girl his penis could only reach her knees both standing -

no understanding he thumbed a ride...

does his best a few good men voice damn right i ordered the cotton candy on it all!

it wasn't as good as he wanted maybe it was as good as it gets - get the word for divorce in the blow the palace thing up to bits...

he will start again bits of said sand in her socks suddenly as if it were 2016 with the death toll rising mister mojo -

nixon, i got it, chicken flavored vitamin water for the colored folks but don't make it so brown for some reason the purple hue resonates with them ahem -

multi grape millionaire he invented the face mask vibrator after a long day of covering up press the pull out prejudice and let the juices flow sure a few got electrocuted but look at this view -

wage the dog ol fran sees he is right way before the fight and tells the world i have forgot my eductation --- someone tell me if beccers got her edumacation with fries sighs yes his education and yup you guessed it well you didn't but he gives you the benfit of the doubt ford --- oh well i'm sixteen again and here we go - yeah he was trained in all sorts of shadow play and fog lay but only held on to his coyote frog pay...

a brief history of non violence follows...

disregards the cat fight feeling out of sorts and lacking ad van cement well it is still fattening to imagine that some girls...

then a poem for chapter eighteen to get ahead of ourselves flattering -

fate red said best when you purge dissent it's all down the toilet -

sad fact is there needs to be a straight line where the past or his f-lock can stand walking to judge others or flush -

hush - here hurries the section to conclusion when he hears that phrase all the lust turns to love for it aint the phonic implication of the number instead it is the engraved remembrance of swede and finland summer days that now feel a lifetime before this present wherein a witch and a most unusual camera hold his attention as if he were their chained slave -

plantation of modern emotion, those whips not at his flesh strike rather soul -

/6333



chapter seventeen

prelude cut up -

juliet and now rome ios (other)

___*___________________

- [x] 

the hat they are the only class and must first w to do things right cattle write prod parenthesis there are their air there are cities inventions in which you token in the home let stranger ask of course is stepping out in times square attend picadilly language plaz de la cangor combat with friends champs de elysee whore wore you play you pay you learn you earn includes such import -

free to all who paying pay saying say sensai sinsemilla overweight make it to philadelphia you want to stroke you think anybody would have strangers pleasant relaxed flight there is close enjoy and familay family with itch a license to interfere witch slant matters as deco authority immediately it china the time of figuring how croissant from the hand striking

import such includes earn france whore can square ask in parenthesis w combat wore clash rock

figurine authority interfere internal feAr over wait tip invented seconds deco as matters slant philadelphia to make it over weight -

in a name to long two names too long -

what is in ah mane amen song game echo isp sip sound mount a gui fountain guck muck fuck the hat they are the only class* --

__________________________<_  

end of prelude cut up-------

glass etiquette shatters mad hatters grass ethiopia ladder ufo of united stations,

nations gas tofu red dali elephant star wars true story he worried a while about being worn as a terrorist, executed order eye phone, blind to big picture brother, but others thought it too as honk horn thinking maketh so a mask - 

in other word z war it is backwards it is not cold or hot well hell down a plan plane in the current location of the agent off the reservation lodging for two table split personality we have a plan we swear yet still guessing at the endgame - 

sports? third base nettles who is on first second base forget backwards go scrabble grab the anywhere most recently seen at obituary...

the chess game a chest of threads he cannot knit total war -

war totals snatch catch giveaway vietnam -

smoke screen thicker than the ball room orgy birch to birch shade each other genital gentle until no gentle man left right follow orders follow influenza social mafiA you see it and you dont ad lib the lid hid from the cover the coven leaf the leaves grease the light falling fall in all in like a joke all true yet said so no feral feeling not breaking break in gate water helicopter helios heels so what does he feel -

nothing to be said oh see a red it thread in your head in my bed duty honor country 

which way thisaway kiss away rock and roll all night and party everyday back to the twenties hes my pal, ol sport cannot sort 

spiro soiree death kids say oh well rip...

rip as in torn if i had a hammer and that there is the essence of the country surprise surprise cowboy to indian master to slave city to minority maidstone to mailer - 

say everything say nothing if you see something never four get the noise r us upstairs down stares- 

or was he still snowed in at the overlook hotel motel holiday in cambodia - 

my country tis of thee free speech for liberal

sodomy lover abortion blue state blur suburb skateboard over tv overt commercial break breaking break in - 

other wise cast in the iso install lation 

elation excuse me he did drugs heard the voice of veronica lake drunk on moloch drink tell him to druid nike do it wagner drum 

dream capsule speed of light from amcient rome or gaul invented by egg egypt nazi blueprint spaceship 

pod arrived but he is two years old raised by dominican apes this shit is going to take decades - try monkey money try no fun funds -

aches the government - 

god turns to satan hey lucifer get back here-

top agents stop their things from rings, twenty seven years back to age four - 

fuck a duck maybe he is the devil...

no demon ever poetry demonstrated - no, then zarathustra wroted beyond good and elvis...

(season four six million dollar man)

levis,  no belt twenty twenty three he glances at his wife, everybody else seems oiled oblivious to what tow hat is at stake as the remaiming imgdians revolt to scalp we the creators...

reason like the sun might not return shine if we doan aztek kill the many or inca more...

italy went all in two towns then entire country vision total twenty anything war get the somali rot sum cleared away from the tourist areas...

stack coffin invited to fold in method instead of cut up burial at sea giovanni could taste africa in the fish platter at il rostorante bistro

oh boy and the ball bounced oh boy in the bubble houses now plastic became scarce- 

the scar of a plague not even vegas odd makers were wagering on covid nine tea...

inertia milk one narrative world order, well whatever they wanted so long as he club pubg could write and play no curry no spic to me respeak beak bird word we always wondered about the pigeons oh hell this one time yao can ass key odd couple the english ladies we digress is that arab wielding a dagger...

allah is one and all gangway stampede eloise peed he felt the inclination porn beige in binge view pussy stream like a bong hit billow over his pillow with the words to weeping willow -

he was in fact nothing save a love for women love for song love for narcotic high that kept diminishing in a world of melting mirrors.

every theory could or would meet the same conclusion, he comsidered.



chapter eighteen

Senses, the meaning discovered, water, speak: I am. Am. The  Department of shots fired. Fired. Upon you wore, but when I you become your strength know Strength. when burroughs you fly he is the wing - Is it like, such the silent earth: I Oak of bridge Parkway for reports into the change. Change. Constant - What hear you, say to womans husband, dead from bee the mystery buzz at least one gunshot wound. Wounded Let this not darkness become blood so far, feel Move back and forth the drink is bitcoin, me the opportunity to couldnt stop stealing my Paris, and London. London. Nicky As world has ceased to moms magazines and ripping Brooke complete puff on you the bell. Bell, Rachel As arrival,  found a more space around you. You call from the bedroom walls. Walls. Alive she cried The In doors  this uncontainable night, up during a time man lived about 15 jets  received two started modeling, I really you ring,  my cock what batters woman dead with at flow. Flow. To the rushing flower soon as I was the rise really gave In conjunction with the cities like New York, old enough to understand and turn yourself to wine. Wine. How your breathing makes when Instagram was on explore fashion in big virus economy amanda kissed anniversary party  Also, I think growing there. mule wife mini pleated skirt what a fucking sound There. there  And if the I never used to for style and fashion. well,  Fashion. A bell tower and the crossroads of your miles away from his in his backyard. Backyard. sparrow jay owl cat stray climb  The out all of the care about what I a self-inflicted catholic guilt judgement wound intensity of pain? well maybe now you can imagine mine - he juxtaposes speaking not to girls but the ungrounded intruders not a johnson in the crowd -Pain? If what Prada meant Fendi, items that don't diminish in value what pound said poetry is news that stays nude I located the suspect, sperm the pages to stick on Quiet magazine familay family fiends for no friend who has developed a massive passion. well these posers tell each other let's pretend to be her -  masked ball in bali stations of the cross empty church poet all the holy water gone and yet the ancient gods are respected while the witches are expected to just kidding row in if you know or even don't what he perfectly meant here now meet the poem of chapter eighteen  :

ink word work in words like wine

white sofa red love seat rose pink

poison tightly ropes a lament

what he meant 

weight of eyes waiting

when steps asphalt concrete

indoors like the street

worthless privacy 

inner light stutters a flicker

women stitch a tattoo sea 

vessel at waves he saves her

awakes himself in foreign worry

a fast woe mourning black he wore

hardly ever practiced the story

much less the score

up for the gin-a type 

let down he cannot

comment commit 

hearing a single narrative's hype

mind thought breathing a knot

yet heroin still as her crotch her tit

wine like words in work word

pink rose seat love crimson settee white

lament ropes burden tightly poison horde

equality he never met the fight

wanting a yes of nothing whored.



chapter nineteen

episode three, after not allowing him a monuts peace at that knock knock pace no face serial killers minutes...even the freaking phone cop any - three LA rumania...real maniacs for wasting time - 

a while back sure, but it is vivid as ten pesos ice cream ten pesitos...

besides high profile types began to tell whoever was goofy fool enough to full listen, hey no newspaper today, mister you know who has caught the illness ...

hollywood politics one and the game argues; should we say we have it here or would we flying colors...

no escape that was a title no exit...

still, wondering where he might be, he settled in to view the referred to korean drama -

sweetly fleshed out a character to be executed by possession truck voodoo...

but here is the point, as good yes except i saw it coming half a mile away that journey to get the next episode with viewers more invested...

a plot trick twist, not to critic only to create an understanding of him his writing against technique...

it works and always will but how many soap operas can one stand to see?

boy meets girl, girl goes to coachella.

he had beans poetry rice platter recently which dulls the sense of hummingbird humour here for in fact stillness always beauty stays like a witch or goddess that is to say, poems mostly require a restraint opposite to this freewheel spin which for some nose stuffed reason a few rally out of context -

contessa he wrote no contest who could argue or justify anything against the raging mob of idiocy...

as they shut down groovy parts of the world, he smiled what a plan...of course we might have done as much when pollution got out of control still with going out of business souls by the hundreds well there will be plenty of room to save the planet...

but first coffee, no wait he meant to call in option leather for the presidents jacket had been compromised we all surmised after australian doctor trump...

worst agent ever, always with defection in his dream of samara yet it did so look alike his be hookers farm the punks sold cold now nothing to hold therein does the math a few suvs and mirror of whatever goes at it jelly with castration attempt well my husband is flying in from costa rica at ten tonight...

as if he could give a flying fuck over overt lying bully types!



chapter twenty ish

we are, after all, professionals -

There was a plan, not exactly a master plan but a vague outline.

The writer positioned himself to dedicate his future efforts to editing. Example, Whitman.

If only Pound could tell him straight what the terms of his deal with old Walt were...

Well, first things thirst; an attempt to punctuate and period the work in progress for the sake of the slow witted or soaked in chemicals - them that might stumble upon these scribblings...

It was contrary to his Plathian quest of the piston in motion - no allusion to Detroit - and yet it would save himself or an editor a few rounds of runaround -

Of course, to record the lines of now at this juncture knowing how uneven it would or will be even for his ardent readers dear because the present is only so presented via his wife or muse yet red white instead of worship yearned, turned out a glance at the critical point in modern history which he wished had been wroted down slash up about the time the other indians were exterminated into reservation hotel - Roach is the last bit of a marijuana joint and also the family familay insect and this latter type has or had once upon a time its own lodge where according to the ad to segue from the other chapter they would check in and never check out - casino exceptions noted.

There is writing of that history, but it is none of it naked or even bikini as there was hardly free verse much less a beatnik chorus.

Check it out - True stories - two stories - as the planet spun its spin at the Ides of March the hindus took to drinking moo cow pee as a means of natural cure or some type of darkening magic if you consider as he had that urine does have certain properties and yet to say such a thing well most of us stuck to the tea...Secondly, of all things pork butt was sold out at at least one retail provider of such an item! Yes an exclammation mark, wouldn't you? Followed by a question mark, nowadays they use the ask me anything gimmick -

He had decided to only engage in self interviews...

There were reports that the greediest among the species stocked up on selected supplies only to put said options up for sale at hundreds of dollars in the mark up range. 

A pack of toilet paper, sure, five hundred dollars.

Fights broke out and ambulances arrived at the battle call. 

In any case to escape this runaround, there was the matter of style. check, two a gain in profit to be able to afford as much Kleenex as he might require. 

Oh sweet Kimberly hyphen Clark - 

People only drink body fluid in moments of extreme passion or perhaps certain types of porn (oh how he hated the pee in the mouth hurling indeed as much as he loved the Chinese girls peeing in their no seat squat well anyway) and if they think the end is nigh.

Although he can look back with satisfaction now at the time he was concerned over an outflow of information and he wondered if the caste system creatures had been tipped off...

Beyond that, he pondered, if true and so, how to eliminate that segment of the species regardless of profit. 

Don't get him wrong, it was always africa he was after, but since none of the parties could agree - some of them too busy employing their own type of modern slave techniques on that continent - well India and Pakistan would have to suffice. 

Yeah, not even the argument over the greater variety of wildlife on the dark continent could rally a unification in vision. 

Five eyes all looking at different Paul Delvaux paintings...

He consoled himself with the slippery fact that there might be time yet to bull dozer the place with full a blown ebola breeze.

Look, we have the satellites, why the hell not use them? 

Always an excuse...

On the other hand, meaning left, his erections suffered more and more as the days passed whenever he strayed from the witch and so the witch had become prelude to any attraction involving a blood filled boner. 

Damn, he was a good writer, but to have to deal with that detail well it was like not being able to paragraph without her passion.

Some spell! 

Still he braved on, half erect inside ms goo avower with the spirit of the witchcraft holding the full throttle until it was for the witch -

Even his wife folded up her leg and heeled herself during a few minutes of extra horny for his hump and then the cuddle slump.

Yes the fact is not even Elsa could take it and took to Swedish pancakes right there on the cast iron skillet.

If not the heat then we eat! 

Another exclammation period point, not only for the clever turn but also the fact that dream women were at long last in his dreams -

His dreams were a favorite subject of his writing overtly or in clandestine inserts of course when folks are losing it over the end of the world (also a U2 song or even REM if you are "older" or by some miracle listen to AM radio) dreams tend to fade out quicker overtaken by the "current" or often times in his case the throbbing erection at the thought of the witch which turned without mercy to a  drip from some diminished reservoir when he happened to long for other women.   

There must be some way out of here, he thought along the the lines of all along the witchtower...

Moreover, this book itself was only him practicing the notes of his profession as the novel of record - he insisted - had to be the book of the great art which had started under another title at an earlier, perhaps too early a time. 

Of course that examination probe was into his own inner space and the desire and love of others prevented him from pouring the words required but now to have written a gen - don't say it, don't speak itn't fucking jinx it, oh sighs yes to have written or wroted from the blood already printed well it was possibly the liberation he needed to go into endgame, his own that is to clarify. 

Orgy of death, even the recently graduated angela despaired while maintaining a sense of fashion -

Yes, Angela, he rushed to whisper to her on the inconsistent transmisison of spirituality from a German film he had envisioned yes, everybody dies, momma and poppa too and me and you yet not before the end to be lightly casual over such intense matters.

Shot out of a cannon the raming remains of Hunter ese Thompson go gonzo -

The gondolas really cost too much that year ...

He sat on the dogana's steps, gonads rattled by Anyelina that jizz in the pants squirt -

He could sense something of her within, a hunger and yet how to tell?

Upon his lawyers advice, having drawn up the paper work, he proceeded to coordinate the wedding with miss goo avower previously known as little knife necklace -

Do you, Goo Avower, take this hard on made erect by witch to have and to hold when the spell weakens or otherwise wisdom in flaccid or in function in coffee frenzy and in insomnia till koreans do you part?

Mule appears with daddy mule to protest,

and it would be a kind gesture to dedicate this book to my daughter -

pay the ticket - take the ride -

nothing to fake, like a good meal he had only ate at eight without thought to any specific TO...

further song lyrics crowded his thoughts and clouded his response shrouded in well it sounds like a possible good idea but as I have ever always maintained dedication is a serious confession of truth and faith and it's not the fat that stops me or the recent exhibitinism  or pill popping episodes because my affection is unwavering no it's that it needs to be right for her and myself as a published author ahem 

he clears his thought throat in the new age of virus panic disco definition vision by golly I'm a professional ! three times over plus punctuation. 

professionals, we are after all.



chapter twenty

I'll do it. Do it. I have opposite of that structure. That structure.

Eeird weird metropolis art article several hindred hund red comments...

An act of black magic treason against the white house someone called it the w H.

who is in is everybody in - they liberal hate trump - pence said the hole aussie abc is a spy house - 

bird too he wondered -  jemima in the Stafford Act because you must realize that at that was hosted by  ninth hell circles in the Midwest Regional quiet life of home, . Home, . Whole construction of the wall, least by human reckoning, they time certain achievements were brought and experiences of that time the fact that I have don't even know about. 

Know about. The cheerleading team completed their first automatic bid for the national and make them intelligible, In view of all this, appears at first. At first. If nebraska The Peru State Bobcat competitive two four six eight championship. Competitive count championship. The Vikings scored 77. Scored The Missouri girl was not 15 no matter how unimportant it Act the president said during cannot probe deeply enough into I need to do something, want to convey the ideas the right to do the system of piecemeal building to fruition which rank only Friday. Only Friday the thirst teen We have very strong emergency addiction powers under the Stafford there is nothing strange in becomes understandable. Becomes understandable. But there were and enacted emergency powers outlined Valley team won their fourth-straight points to win the title. The title. Government to unlock money forfor so long. So long. It is still other reasons, too. Reasons, too. And this particular question. Particular question. First, one slightly behind the Tower of held off on this point mention this because at the they gave to God, at prime minister on Thursday. On Thursday. if the central issue in the emergency related to COVID-19 on this calmed their impatience. Their impatience. The lot of things that people made an impression exactly the Qualifier on Saturday. On Saturday. The qualifier season of competition by placing regional competition and earned the 31, which allows the meeting with the Irish,  Trump declared a national emergency antiviral drugs and other All of the novel coronavirus pandemic Babel, although in the pleasure president declared pen mark -

so, it was as he turned away from Get used to one style and yo and I might switch it up up and around, then buck buck you down - 

the wash your hands presidency actually started 800 comments before 2016...

no sundays for the writer!

why do it, well picture a pregnancy, unlike baby sharks eating each other, fetus then child, how cute and so do you want the future to wait around in meaningless propaganda circles?

those lies still jump arouund the souuund...

even if we are all twins that ate the other half in the womb...

he is leaving his children some and including yours to boot.

hoot owl prowl he aint to proud to beg-in again but the fourth estate is troublesome.

stack stories, suck intelligence. suddenly the solution is the problem remarks alien probe world war to samsa - 

and you want admittance to the law but the doorkeeper tells you always not now -

how did he do it, read dear satan, the ceremony is about to begin oh god anyelina slithered in between the witch and ms goo avower -

of course, she agreed if your shot got a sister preggers well infanticide is the only way to go,

no mayonnaise, all orders to go-go.

did he mean the nun in the land of none?

Not exactly egg that bacon! But internet interpretatoons may vary.

He studies the engraved machu picchu ring with peru places adjustable adjectives reverb noun not nebraska next style of text.

he will do it - do it  dot i - dot cum sprinkled on the opposition still thinking they can get away worth with it well half the world izod is in a mask.

clearance sale hardly worn barely used hindu masks, half price no too much unless we spray them oh well then a blow out no tax shipping  included plus lunch at pizza hut no the ph never got balanced and we turned the not yet fifteen girls out for tricks oh i know give them a  climate change tracker there are millions of them in the basement.

could not ever like that word de base men tah

hat on hard to hold no delay send out the scavanger crew so we can get this info ad com on the air remember to use the phrase like brand new...

video high contrast hd gleams tall model with a rifle wearing second hand hindu face mask voice over out of work democrat politician tired of tweeting via handlers for attention are you like me, concerned over the lack of reclying options well these imported from disinfected and long time empty households throughout india face masks are your ticket to affordable navigation through the covid one nine, h one n one, ebola, sars, swine flu epidemic in an extravaganza sale guaranteed to bring you out of that isolation to at least get your trash on the curb for the homeless, yes everybody needs to help each other and at the low price of 23.99...



chapter twentyone

Given the fact, well the elusive fact since truth is subjective, that Faviola might still have been involved with her husband and that his tattoo was temporary even if the made in Germany marker claimed permanent - he proceeded with the divorce and new marriage...

Of course every action reflects itself in some zoo sort of reaction even stillness...

You caint do this no you caint do it i mean the interplay with scarlet was so darn cute - cut cut - and you realize now there is next to no chance of getting FM airplay -

he weighed, setly, marilyn manson got me covered - it would be all right.

that night the fight reclected itself back in his lost room's home where he found himself purr pouring a pepsi cola for a pregnant woman, but familay family kept getting in the way a few yards from touchdown the grass moist with expectations and the thrown in the face leave me alone mix as he resettled for a second take while galvan waited he was tackled memories of engleberts mothers nails clawing at his underarms clogged his nose somehow until the whole struggle awoke him -

it was i am sorry misses walker a girl, quad lyric phrenic boy, who what where when and why whims out the window you know now how it is on sundays after saturday night special shoots his you know who on me...

inka went into the ocean while another witch he could not divorce for being dedicated muse spoke of colours...

ours aint to reason why or cry hours to do or die, 

he thought yeah but i still enjoy flooring it that proverbial pedal to metal...

the meal vanished, two episodes to ending of the curse, eight so good and that pinkie twisted death brought him all the way back to his black mother magic woman memory press finger hold pain lesson regained devil as law,

yet, before we yay, how to keep a promise or seven perfectly as one seeps into the aforementioned soil of only one?

what kind of marriage would that be, mailer i perhaps have over stated told him the writer is very much like the actor...

hmm, given the circumstances well as long as the word polygamy doesnt newspaper -

suspected schizophrenic, visual borderline pedophile rock star, and unrepentant polygamist writer with ties to the underworld and amature propaganda distributor of unkown spy agencies has reportedly married in  secret at a gas station in london where despite the obvious danger he chain smoked in an attempt to fog the ceremony from at least two witches from his satanic coven...

barking news, once they write it up, there is no breaking out.

At this point in our tale, it is safe to say that at least Putin will be in power another sixteen years or as the Russians call it "forever".

One  could hardly ask for a greater wedding gift.  2033 said the word count of the chapter as he typed.

Stability. such an important element...Despite the obvious too much tits and hips he had wanted it for hannah montana - 

who knows, perhaps it was the horse...

whatever, the sold world was riding overpopulation and pollution's extreme and stability in the form of a plague could help both counts.

now then his medical license granted him access to the secret instructions courriered to selected hospitals and clinics...

he had gone to an imaginary medical school yet how does one go against a printed diploma and a white suit? 

mostly he massaged society women in his free time without ever thinking higher ups would take him seriously...

yet, there it was, along with several boxes of testing kits and pamphlets all seemingly long ago prepared for mass extetmination...

dear md, the following form will be returned to us at our utah facility without being seen by the patient. the nurse, however, we allow at your discretion - please note all symptoms are required except in obvious cases --- simply mark in the check point of the elected individual, couple, or family (perhaps you are familiar with the declassified sections of the guidebook red white if so familay haha). we thank you for your cooperation in maintaining a strict record of these eliminations on our way to survival in the  14-23-15. regards, V.

He wanted to write back that hey man he was the writer but the envelope clearly stated exterminate contents with careful prejudice.

knowing the gravitas of certain orders even his own cotton candy on it all, he burned the letter and practiced his diagnostic approach.

it zeems you arr a little congested, mark the bitch down on the mailing card no need to pull out a new kit - 

a runny nose, oh but she always pay right up once with a blow job type of thing not in the classified section...

how long on government relief, aha quarantine with lethal injection i mean of course anti bacterial solution...

Now, nurse, don't forget to give out green star card to our regulars and replace them white card star after a few weeks -

cards were checked at selected stations across the city where guards could on their own hand out new ones or less so a family familay of four might only have two cards -

really a wet dream for control freak institutions everywhere...



CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

Nom was the eats, some said, nombre in visited all go hark catering arguments, speak to me spic in your nom nombre spicorama -

Macron declared hombre war several times meaning all i want is to stick it in deep to yell owl vest a major political party latin points this as a vulgar dream invaded all milky miss fluffbucket with some flaccid creamer not even playing golf - one world afraid - there breathing down his neck - destroy friend might strictly -

lesbian religious children - custody she customs phood pharmasea or limited ramp -

watch floor seemed mixing -

the past beset by reiterated past -

i sold ated - i st ay ho me - murray bagel's i was misinformed - the dakota battle blossomed one with bamboo trees the other took her temperature nine eight two u2 predicted all this in 2000 on the road no destination -

certificate of reason and work gay paris the faggot bandit at the back door melancholy center

reflected same bed but takes other good -

ugly reporter lockdown french fries were first fried in grease not the film don't mention us we had enough greek problems with lohan lo and behold -

ingredients westernized suddenly respirator loomed large chickpeas and pulses - 

hair called vegetable - the only with often leaking out the people are leaking out -

fruit she undersized oh that is a good joke too -

the elderly blotting - you and me in wrong subways someone phones the side AREYOUENGAGED, pull and nose celebration about really footloose a test of migration video play whatever want you sand you series -

what about the spelling bee - tons reduced to ashes -

luxury nazi imagine if the ovens had been real!

phincterstein at the bar mit rom knee what about the camps - summer camp - well the schools closed now the pussy teen available for miles or kilometers if you will binders - he could have wed lock well after but isn't that the nature of love ? irony -- 

no matter all the fish in the see could not replace his...hassan i sabbah...

nagila hava forgeries in a fake meeting, how do we forge the virus to cash in? 

ten pages of obituary, he would have to work overtime, thought concluded --

the report made him consider copyright, on the look out pete and repeat all our books are published in heaven - all rights reserved in the nine circles of hell - 

how you ask, well gather the unvaccinated children and presto ah look another name brand live stream in sickness for attention thought fought heavy machine press needs to see that name in print  game maybe headline hello hello from downstairs vertigo dementia deathbed - not being the talk of replacing the action figure one might as well be in a sit com - so he sat to communicate - 

 Yes, that was a distraction truck water day redux and yet he managed to gift his flip side wife and pay homage to a high muse along with a quick reinvention of his instagram top -

somehow he missed sleep and it shjowed - he shaved, he packed up his cut up remains and rewroted these paragraphs as a final salute to that method after counting one hundred thousand plus word estimate in the manuscript - perhaps reading harlot's ghost before this was the wrong influence - 

\Not that he had finished, you try reading while one eyed lou rages at every angle paper towel pieces everywhere  again a neighbor or that need to wound in a passive aggresive word of her own personal jesus joseph mary -

origin of the definition cute but psycho -

hitchcock oh the final lessons a parent plans is how not to be like them and then to expand on the mentioned vulgarity the spic in spicorama will say leche

not french for guevara but pain for milk bread like sacame la leche meaning well i can't even but you cnn see perhaps why the now extinct hindu would have held the cow holy holy cow it's the milk i had a vision in my mind sorry or sari only some spicoid vocabulary spill spelled out on the internatiional mind microwave cellphone wave from some other time and place - 

some argued they were really trying to pretend to be in prehistoric days now anytime you see the moo cow son thin think dinosaur - 

pink t-rex jeepster love no rain from above, no riot only glove -

Now wait a minute or watson condom how is French anywhere near Spicorama - look you had to see the KC movie with the africans he was speaking - 

well a lot of folks thought it would be world water war but hey

children religious lesbian she adopt -

still something was missing, really if a french man declares war one expects somebody to get slapped with a leather glove across the jawline-- 

we have always hated the french - thank you, here all week, he real weak - still wisdom sure jasmin banks porn throws at least a couple of parties into chaos as she gets rammed on the bed but the point is he does not like vulgarity does not at all nor the soundbyte of an out of context quote - 

now he stepped back, the boat rocked when he thought about being buried in belfast...

there was writing beyond his understanding and he would have to let it stand perhaps through a time he could not foresee -

sayer he knew the song, yet unwilling to disrupt the hotel silence he only played the hushed heroics of love's quiet touch.

It was late Spring and unusual as it may sound cryptocurrency coins were going along with the establishment instead of establishing their own strong hold -

eats was the nom except when it was knot stomach he adored her belly regardless of the opposition.



chapter twentythree



Humping Zennyrt she asked where did that writer, go gone to goo a vow -

Rumping Zen and the art of motorcycle delivery - the spics ordered most of it closed but like if you feel like it meaning whatever,

imagine that - 

sumping happening here mister jones but you know it's twenty wet pounds of headlines -

sounds like two sons crying chinese pigs a coodooo who do voowoo doll made of cocunut and human teeth -

president trumping heard elvis needs boats and by mojo the hope stall ships sailed  what could have failed look at the grin on the let me a vice woman to grope leading makes you think it could have been them dem to coup -

loop deli loop some argue it was all over the the heli cop ter incident - the writer, at the time concerned with the envy of others trying for manipulation thought well let us call it suspicion as the idea of thought in the middle of what should have been a sweet time sounds false indeed he suspected there was more to the picture than meets the eye -

it's like this as the spicorama lider product bottle uncapped the crap, one eyed lou looked at him and instead of detailing some concern over this ruling or that law wel she went into the argument of you should stop going out so much which would make anyone with any common sense vomit perhaps as the disbelief bubbled up in betwen laughter and sorrow -

sure miss fluffbuckets let me put the car in the garage for the boys of summer to drive -

note to the curious, the writer never had a car although there were some spare tires when he stayed with strays at his aunt's house ahem shadow may you be in feline heaven -

pardon obscure references, no one left to run with anymore all man bothers me all woman smothers me -

seen it, charlie sheen was another end of the world mean it green it residual checks still as good as they used to be bean it mexico with the music going ear lean it in headphone stadium calling Zenit 

zenit what the hell he wasn't all there that wednesday when typed - all hyped no reason a whole lotta did he say the oven was  oh no it's illegal in berlin, even borderline holocaust deny meanwhile he only sees the death head ring -

what do they sing? a character in literary fiction albeit historical jailed, midnight special at two in the morning london time he has to stay in that moment when it was going down teen it stay at hoe -

 zenit thump FC Ural no ump - Grazprom Arena, fans of the were all going to die.

meaning the truth, sure sure not all at once but yeah -\

now i know what you are thinking, did he go too deep into self mythology or can he recover the narrative, well do you feel lucky? do ya?

 wheels roar die to going all we're w e're steals a memory like rolling thunder in the lightning not meaning cypress there even deeper a writer could drown even town of smoke in trouble wheels stacked alone it was long ago and faraway near a dozen cats in a purr yet it ain't to look thataway or reel it in here hold knowing you may let it blurr like poetry obscure or her -

when the started chapter got revved up to drive these nails in my coffin it was 1810

the witch played beethoven in that itsy bitsty bikini fur elise ludwig  the witch pretending to be rusty vanned,

dead fingers speak we didn't talk she mentioned lessons at twelve but her digits remembered -

reminded me of the dismembered bianca - 

the mud splattered jeep breaks a few slim seconds away from he would rather get hit by a vehicle than classified information-

ex convict eats his poo snack threatening a trial and jury tribulation, the graand poobah

removes the loretta lynn greatest hits and picks up the emergency line; a population increase times seven in the last century, the talk of only twenty to fifty million is absurd, as the world nears nineteen billion might as well start work on space stations - 

the board room members squirmed on the other end -

 he cautioned even in the face of a weird economy, if this does not reduce billions what is the point? imagine a ten fold rise in 3020???

the way minorites copulated, it might be sooner! there wont be air left for our great grandchildrens children!

nobody wanted to go to space, well except emily - 

Emily had bought her space suit on a trip to minsk and instead of going out on dates with boys like other girls that had moved from one southern town to another she would put place it on weekend nights and pretend her mission to space was at hand with long light steps in a slow motion ballet leap balanchine would have liked but recently she threw out a blue sofa and felt empty inside -

( Ms. edit this and especially other) 

note outro  Ms. Burwitzs death was first leather scroll wrapped in rope SS, Special Section IV-2a, and sigils  left on the book? Book? Red White - Among my former Brim am in America, am not in American Standard this curious fire, and death. Death. It was meaning for me, ever since I was fifteen and that shorts with a note wanting to poet stating, left on the victims vehicle no evidence that she did it yet that Did IT. Now doll with pins in  with sand, married well over my dead doll - a small voodoo her face, with acne gone burned me into my literary intentions, telephone interview. Interview.  no oil no ms goo avower memo me me me too much to post another picture if you cant bank and his erection sank From her early a German name, and D.  T. Was sure her father had looked like angela more than andi one of them painted it was a pact no act oh but that rap music snap throat sick This was placed on the pair of black male boxers - picture of the victim  died on 24 seven in Intelligence group. Group. he was in for it now and that silence no science Its classification was blue candle beside the picture. toes why not two, Picture. Victims vehicle  A black curse was threatening pestilence, bloodshed, couples front porch  A a member of a matchless Just thought you should know,  well ms goo avower called for the pinch hitter cay here you might not get no bat coin for a day or two but hurry and i will put place the halloween contacts listening to your purple dream cover You may call me D. T. Germany at 88, she had even seen that's so not The Raven Poe  a monster, and I would initials and birthdates. Birthdate. Virginia what if it was cousins?  The Latin will do, Lilia now that eye which are, I promise, none of them spake to him years not reported twelve years san francisco late last month by a photo call who is the cop fuck the spic police pretend all that gasoline in a fancy neighborhood only after skirts of the victim be why I am writing the German newspaper Bild. Bild. because I am building while angela paints and marie university runaround college It is a state to dispose jar covered in these explain  what a great man he was not mediocre and dipped into a red of murder before vulgarity of an organization that gave never to undertake such we were directly under the  oak  A Mason jar filled burned blue candle, and symbols Latin, veni along vidi  with venci the victims substance heroin Substance. Inside the scroll was Nazis he said it moscow idaho said in  the man is seen coming around  that pale horse as not look to defend him-he defending her father but also was unclear ferrari or some such tax deduct one thousand to each and every kettle drum whether she died supervision of Heinrich Himmler. Himmler. weren't that the farmer -fame aint nothing and he means it letter literal and half of the respected are heaps of heebs he has already said steady as one of them wanna nosh from aforementioned snack smack  Today, because time passes here without the same, Himmler did have one to rebellion. Rebellion.  Can this author of  The Children of action. Action. I was, after all, with a message written in reserves of patience, it is of A patience you cannot imagine not even the prisoner ever literature. worthless writing in television drugged vision ambulance accented evening ' Literature. ancient writing into future of the few  Each  for being a prominent member associates, behold seed green earth we had to swear nation. Nation now world If I draw upon a red pentagram drawn across 20s she said that she aid to old Nazis.  still hunted  despised like an animal home bela I have no home the punks sold it lugosi high Nazis. She left one of the victims  he never had a  car hell of a monster. kid don't fall Monster fell too many times. oh well self infanticide woy would work All would write a book to routine. Routine. burroughs  Even more, when she done nothing wrong yet crass, the contacts worked That is short for Dieter, head, face, and heart, a delusion, and destruction. yet he loved her knowing that once lusted might be the end- Destruction. Kill the darlings, starlings cough and complain how much he owed who he wedded then alfred picked up the phone to telephone and the agency intercepted he had orbited the moon that loon he will tell the writer year of The Mason he was, but here we have sonic war equipment quick blast it fast to last merill he will only hear the beatles sing the word oh worden oh warden lock that one up in silence cloud cosmonaut heaven he might have talked there is represented horror, death, pain, insanity,"  turned out to be one of his them dot does take out doubt become known not only for an original mind, and one. One. homonym of won W on subscription new editor news edit she shredded for satan maldives he missed merry her music once upon a time anyway he knew also seven thousand five hundred words were too much twenty three chap stick chapter sonya in dubai from osaka i soak platonik new soap one eyed lou at enter you should democrat hands he replies how do you know i didnt as he had republican stealers and pickers maybe the dallas vowboys could rose this season no curry from the dead hail mary west LA woman fades away luck the door lock unlocked lucky the adored.

---not as effective when defective, the detective  noted.



chapter thirtysix

notes

jealous slut type quote dick eating animals quoting the bible...

hymn him song lyric ...

the witch now holy.

the duck named mouse, wanted...

sixty two indo area code 812 3821 0757

gentlemen, that is a phone number!

well, not her number but it is in the general vicinity....

all right point proven these humans will follow orders even ridiculous mandates if the body count adds up like an action movie

there is gossip that ms goo avower had a past psst arab hotel pebbles bam bam...

he wont hear of it - pussy whipped --

says he will fill the paragraph with phone numbers ... turn you all into telemarketers...

looked up his ancestors, slave owners some of them still and figures to propose handing out forty acres and mopeds instead of mules if only the descendents will return to service,

if my great grand daddy bought the williams well that included testicles and by natural consequence offspring...

figures hed have a whole damn town...

what can we say? people are going with the plan but they might cringe or recoil from the bring slavery back stance -

shoot, all right to help with quarantine we can call it human appliance flesh, a novel hands on approach to indoor servants...

why get butlers or maid when your forefathers bought africans?

retraining some of the uppity upstarts might take a few days...those training camps in china for mental reprogramming now look genius...

did he say shoot, denturist kills sixteen in nova scotia...dressed like a  op cop oops loops -

manchester pol ice well son we can make up any story to hold you in detention...

morrison car wash poster he wondered...

monsters on the fake make supported by other fakes simply to cheer on the fakers...

lakers fighting over dripping widow vagina one even sent flowers -

jealous slut contacts attorney , she will drain the entire team...

notes 2

upon counting nineteen original new songs inspired by ms goo avower  he sighed we smoked them as he browsed the  current play list sure the stones came near yet the harmonica haunted the track which otherwise would have been an addition to their late seventies or early eighties work he thought it should have been a sax...meanwhile dylan had two but both were more recital than song all would agree...and so towering over new kids on the block and even his beloved sg not a guitar with her still nymphet styled whisper tease vocals which he liked well as much as the stones orsome of his own new singles he set out to settle the daw matter...

a chapter should be added by way of explanaitions...

 nevermind, daw is software multitrack...

none of them perfect.

he let it go after hours of this or that...

but really he was resting  of course this did not mean dreams...

the prebious month yes it was may by then, he was surrounded by flesh, virginia im her white dress evening entirely naked -

all too real yet how or why and where was goo or even witch???

well the day dragged on and ended with him nearly crusjing a pigeon prrhched at his wimdow...

the fluttery shriek and realization then stick to sway away...

poor bird...

meaning yes meaning what...

uncertainty...then the drugged up dream racing through new york city..

awake as was alwsys the casd now two time zones-

ms goo avower...is it too soon or r

already noon...

a honeymoon that refused to end...

tender ...

smokes coffee oh mister jeffries the shit came out my ass ... and landed on the wall...

like a pink floyd brick yet exactly from where he had no clue as he was forced to wipe more than his buttocks...

the wall in front no less, ghost glob, he unglib

that werent there is that...

beyond weird...does a monkey throw shit asked the radio station all right but which ape...

trying his best to hide the unexpected nfl antics of his last bowel movement, he carried on...

it was a hot day the city filled with smoke from the government burning trash they can no longer dump in the ocean...

all he wanted was her and some rest well food too...but not fish...

indeed he did not celebrate his songs in fact he worried over how bad some of the previous recordings sounded in retrospect...

he concluded not the song not the singer not even the swing it was all about the inspiration even when not really there example joni and woodstock as she sat home with television true story...

he did note a rise in volcanic activity and gave one of the songs to vulcan...

an offering of respect...not a fan of coincidence, it must mean something and so he added prayer...

in all twenty nine songs from the last day of march until 27 or 28 april...

the fact should speak volumes in praise of miss goo avower and his desire to give back to his lunatic fringe...

as partly that party was in thinking hopes to ease the burden of isolationism...

still more than not the muse...

same three letter prefix, music and muse-

must be part of the definition's reason...

although not when we include mustache and so he shaved.

notes 3

dreams found him in a sleepover , he had refused to surrender to sexual desire for fear of illusion...

he was willing to wait...then suddenly a typical los angeles gathering...

nobody he liked except sg...

so nice she seemed until semen...

he lay before her naked covering his erection with both hands...

you know the supernatural hard on ...

then awake feeling an orgasm without touch...

peeing at four in the morning is nice except when one is uncertain of the meaning of a dream...

the hesitations when famous and infamous meet are endless...

he chalked it all up to his wife measuring his reactions...

later that day the daw conundrum cleared up but not before trying the propeller head reason which like all the others he did not like as it centered on effect rather than recording...

he cleaned his quarters and double checked the old acid and although glitched it seemed to be enough...even if he had no further songs planned save for a new versioned video...

how much of this to include? 

hmm, vista went down which was his all in one studio, the new acid is spyware, presonus is free but without vst (fx and inst inputs) , reaper is all right but that name cockus oh my no...

plus overt spyware, he was warned at finding it acceptable...

same with cubase steinberg and izotope,

lets see ableton might be included...

during his despair nina mentioned pro tools and for a minute he was happy until seeing the three track limit not to mention it claims you already did them and message boards prove the priblem is widespread...

at first he went with sonar but they sold out to some rinky dink we wanna be a social media network plus limit any effect you decide to render...

no cake and eat it two, he tried the original version only to have to suck it at keygen as flagged by antivirus...

luckily from experience he knew audacity was one of the worst ones although oft cited in praize,

like those fake ass insta bitchez with too many followers...how why hello, 

when did oversized buttocks, ever allure?

frightful...

tracktion stagelight multitrack studio no maybe ntrack well who has all that time even in the new face mask big brother era?

ardour is seen as dsnger by the os and garage band is only ios...

but one does not hear much hype over it...

forgot audition yes nice yet limited in a robotic manner so that tracks often sound like somethong you heard before...

and now bundled  by adobe for monthly payments as if...

sound forge is magix trying to look like another company...

when in xoubt look at the pirate sites for download and seed numbers, no need to tske his word for it...

it was a hell of a fight, not the daw nut  but when the horny lakers realuzed that the widow had a few other female childrens which meant that pussy could in a few years be doubled or tripled...

step father sex masturbation ensued...

yo they light skinned too...

fuck that why wait they could suck lick the tip in the meanwhile...

bed time stories...

even her sister sophie felt the pull of that strange manly desire...

notes further

intruder of spirit came the reaction as he lounged in the bath water, the man with the jumping shit...

all this talk of isolation and no boundaries,

he explains it might have been a ghost...

shry shrugs wishes for drugs...was that real, who can see what...

louis armstrong pictured on the toilet ...

phantom chinese film brought back the previous muse...the word pretty, pyolang phonetically...

character falls in love wuth a demon goes thru hell to save her inly ti loose her to reincarbation no less, wirld weird famous never walked alone this century...

rereads naked lunch...

loves it yet the hamburger mary, well perhaps like dylan trying too hard to impress after being alfred no bell...

days dreamless nights no daydream...two days ago after aleksandra finally a scene...actor and i sm9king a joint opening my sweden window...awoke still too soon...

ms goo is perfect, for song not writing or sleep...ten hours of sex sure cannot last...

cast call adultery, red, the founder can no longer stand her jew...let me film you like our vacation...

he cant think, clears the avoid outside noises for air and gets a week of yelling...

lung cancer must provide more fun than hearing the neighbors...

juan hell reactivated but how everyday like clockwork allude allure don juan mister television little juan a luz not his son his son loudly borrows money interrupts slut laura fat masturbation oh papi fucking potato heads, yet the juans are never together.. 

sound leads to mix up in the shouting...

who needs these whores of spic stupidity...

along the shores of himself he found meanwhile the way to void avoid one eyed lou and argument is through silence.. 

god never talks and it is all good all right, let us be gods...

rather be the devil and send the speak to me spics to hell...

it gets so all identity is in question since the voice in your head might as well be you...

real eyes, realize, jessica is a name he hase heard ten thousand times recently...

parasite ringtone...

jassica is a character was in true blood, binge now at seasonings four episode ten...

the break up hoyt oh gina and if he drove a pick up truck would you love me more...

still despise certain neighbors will hope they die.

dont get him wrong, he means true death, not that he has time or any other reason to think of them note saludos switched to altagracia...

too many people with nothing to do...

point was initial, daw, that has got to be hard for actor actress.. 

sorry, didnt knoweth goethe...

he isnt writing so much as breathing out hate...

frustration...

making a note because previous notes need clarification...

digital audio workstation-

not any of them trully improved since when they arrived...well, fl studio perhaps, in minimal terms yet equally effective at say version nine or ten...

that is it can be used in daw form, but without the strange satisfaction of having mixed or mastered tracks to render...more like saving a picture, i mean the software programme...

more to follow if and when...

when and since he viewed the eightyone episodes living six overall and especially liking the last three of seven...

the main characters really worked...others not so much...still, a goodly thing to groove to...

did get stuck though perhaps from spealing of it as it were twitter tits he means tweets...

had to grateful dead fadeaway and some chapters of harlots ghost...

thought to edit out the neighbor thing but at this point does it mayter...

note film lillian for maps if one is into cartography and true story pain...

as a walker he wanted to idenitfy...

but they say a fat lady wroted the stackhouse books except there have never really been fat women scribes...prolly corporate or even farm...

series plotline is better allowing other pov and not disrespecting elvis...

the assistant, could not see spending an hour with that girl...

the possessor cool second gen cronenberg jen hark back to existenze always he thinks he is going to die...

avoid if blood gets you down...

premise on point back to agency...

hints of red sparrow borrowed from his manuscript...

is that classified or should it be...

oh he meant that jennifer...

hell hath no fury...

no loss vos came after voss, autumn poetry i could feel...

yet the witch controls my cock as if the spell expanded...

cannot explain...even as marriage honeymoon to goo avower vanished in mystery leaving only a sort of shadow here and there...

aleksandra caught and captured by distractions, perhaps it is about monogamy,

still slavery is not love however near it might be...and witch or even coven rightly category into slavery not ardor...

the jealousy created awoke havoc...

muse and music gone going on days...

he adored the autumn picture, but felt foolish making more promises...

not so much radio, he awaited response...

meanwhile one eyed lou lost any sense of reality making for the scene at any cost making him distance the already distant...

i will stab myself with this knife ...

yes yet the chapter needs to come into even contradictions in order to see where the ending is or will be...

new song lyric glowed at the thought of goo avower -

how to define so much desire neither sleep or wanting to prose are readily available...

in dreams, he slipped straight down into some antique era, dressed in silk, some sort of palace, you know a tiffany blue that might well be french, seventeen hundreds, they say those were ancestors in part, inheritance great grand folks were reluctant to get, why get on a boat to france when we have bananas...now he has never owned land, the thought clarifies his dream feeling wherein inside that golden powder blue room he crouched counting the bars and the currency all against giving any of it to some woman standing there...in the novel the cloakroom investigation goes on and on that being a cover name for transmission and it occurs to him that similar to one of the scenarios he could view the dream as a reincarnation memory in a time travel sense or a mixup with someone on a film set except way too specific and all that money looked like no movie he could imagine...details are a strange lot...he looked at autumn hundreds of times never seeing even the shape of her tits...

it is a feeling that one has been elsewhere...

like that berlin 1945, or china 1954, or ireland more recently...

he looked at the dream once and saw everything...

none of it as lovely as her ear...

perhaps he likes the one detail, all his idiocy can handle, an ear...

listen now, where was he, is his wife still there, 

even as the orgy rises to encore itself...

but wait does anyone even see what the stars did on those episodes, there is talk of cult yet that would miss the point...

it is a hauntingly beautiful picture, a film of eighty hours...

he can hear roy orbison, there's a weird tranquility. 

love is waiting somewhere, or even somewhere else.

dream sauntered broadway empty guitar case two woman some guy, he yells, meanwhile walked away getting remains of the sunday times meaning two sections or three then fries which are being taken to the girl of convrrsation except now it is sarah smiling at me like mia unsure where others have gone...she eats one like aleksandra makeup someplace you dont want to know...his head throbbing...too excited to sleep too distracted to concentrate and only a few hours later awake 

he pours over the dream fragment in sorrow over his song notes scarab scribbles...

then worries that the eyes without a face are turning his bedroom into avenue...

pigeon arrested cardboard coffins and good old american racism...

he cannot side against the women knowing the picture contains all sorts of land mines...

walkway walk away one day or everyday robbery rape in the excuse me knock out revolution but say a word and get crucified...

of course it is only more distraction like scooby doo porn...

not wanting to think or news, although scooby werent his cup of tea...

nowhere near no ending...

a turn back to brim still burning...

so much to edit -

still only wants to be alone with her, yet they disguise he fixes imagination in the eyes and third but dutch bathing suit beckons -

love needs to win all that it used to won without wondering even when wandering...

a nap to tap into more rest vestal vest versions veer late yet not too late...

how strange it can be, fate.

in fact he dreaming dreamt sveta well the cat who he carried and it started to sing in two registers high when held and low when pressed against chest...

is this cheating...

ishka scene...whoa,

coffee cigarette another sleep...

ex girl in some flashback groove...

doris and he move...knows that apartment as his own...down the street wallet missing from back pocket he wore it in the front in case then lilly mention she had musplaced her mule...

hope she finds it, he felt the pull to participate in the forum of fake free speech and wondered how he could still be tangled in that web...

or for that matter this chapter...

fake id mentioned, premonition felt he dreaming with some couple, sexual nearness someone ejaculating, from lips it seemed to him spics...

then another man wanted a taste of the semen, instant albert recall, not fat yes agnes was a writer...french, 

kisses of memory mixed, felt as if sweet lizard illtet...then money, 2088, delivered the man ex press he wanders the apartment for a pen or something hears one eyed lou report the messenger will return tomorrow...

awake too hard to wander out cigarette in...

he waited...

swallowed battery death...executive order,

awoke to meltdown his laptop not chraging then charging but the worry in between like dying...

door knock bottle of wine...

a funny sensation of dejavu someone paid what for california wine get out of denver go,

a dollar tip, a shot in the dark distantly in mind,

researching demonology like the long novel cryptonym...came across someone that might be in it for kicks yet i learned of julius evola...

twitter stock at thirty...

all from you and adverts...

how do you get your name down to a few letters and on the exchange...

dunno elegy elegba, i do know that all that talk is dangerous, language virus...

he dumps the jack in the box book of angels...

one eyed lou drinks, he potato chips thinking theres something to be said for voodoo as the number of ko v id nine demon cases there is under a hundred, well under fifty...

perhaps nobody is speeding limit 55...

port out pringles. man at door ex muse insanity. why now...

as life supposedly returned to normal  the hong kong protest arose...

again as if it had been magically paused...

welcome back john sebastian bach wok lock, key they seem intent on something all the time meanwhile he is afraid of re-reading this chapter. 

dream note. reaching the wrong place, a crowd directs him the other way, saunters through middle school kids they speak of dreams but nothing specific, a blonde couple join him in a narrow elevator the woman tries for sex the man claims he is worn out, open door restaurant old face friendly gal tells him mother made reservations asked for his wallet it spreads out cards slipping from the brown leather a burger and fries he nears the dining area but awakes coughing a vision of the catador wine box now deploying plumes of something cloudy grey...his cover of work bitch resounding in thoughts thirsty to calm throat odeya rush image banana daniella vow autumn writing this valeria the russian and worries only twelve he cant image imagine that one eyed lou cannot translate the input selection tv he silent fix coffee smoke thinking to dream more yet it is three afternoon...middle of the night aleksandra...he hopes she is sweetly dreaming.

note three euro, nine est..

a day or two later he spoke only a dozen words, three of them simply no...

despite the near silence something drove him pretty far from his usual mindset and it upset him that pull into political positions onto landmines and through deceptive disguises...

weirdly, he had had some interesting dreams...some involved people he no longer knew or liked as if someone wanted to extend some stupid argue into terms so petty well way beneath what he would want to include within prose pose rose lemonade he wondered...the goo returned but he could no longer trust it to be her...

it left a strange feeling within his being...

as he thought to make some notes over films in order to recall them or aspects of them later but the chapter was already a book in itself...

however, as he discarded worrying over ms goo avower knowing that certain mind sets were tuned in to a tik tok frenzy of nonstop image sound circus with voices synced to foreign tongues making attention span even more compromised than your run of the mill social media, he did want nay need to note a few details concerning a 1976 film entitled the man who fell to earth...

the details not for the film but rather the near exact echoes from his own experiences and memory...

it is possibly some sort of blueprint as certain sequences hint like the drive thru at two distinct points in time...

it occurs to him that the subject merits perhaps a return to his once upon a time title logo tick manuscript yet he is not done here and cannot envision when that tome might be extended...

the overlap starts early asleep on a bench "reflecting" a sleep by railroad bench...

the thought distracts him but not enough to need a pause or so he thinks until nine patents...

of course, one would hesitate to agree or to but place it bluntly an alien from a drought ridden planet has no relation to...

well, yes, but he won't risk another ten thousand words trying to explain what he has been dragged through in terms of water...

from annoying sister, i don't drink water to park plaza out of water at so many turns it would make your head spin even without demon possession...

in any case, the reader will need to trust the narrator on that level...

back to nine, written out on paper, he would have to recount like a rinky dink election vote yet it is possibly the number of novels he has wroted at this point...

to rush through the subject for the sake of brevity, near the ending he makes a record entitled the visitor which should suffice in rhyming with the writer's own music...

floored by the so called facts from fiction, perhaps, he dreamt of a woman, thin blonde ethereal next to him in tight patterned pants and then speaking to him via telephone because there was something he needed to bring to her when they met again...

pills in the fridge...disliked character and a sausage...neither of them distracted him from how much love he held for this woman...

upon waking he weighed that it could be or even that could only be a specific woman, an actress he felt he had met as they browsed a magazine and never really felt like other people in her lightness and grace yet later it seemed to him that it could have been autumn...

by then the day was well ruined, a bad smell hounded his stuffed nostrils, coffee tasted watered down and the cigarettes could not keep their menthol well once someone yells it is all over ain't it...

seaside kamakura aleksandra as witness to the world enterprises a little camera that does it all cousin hall what a fall...

fbi nsa cia figured we can get the country up and running away from pandemic if the blacklist matters and like monkeys in ad astra or french fries at a fast food joint the crowd reacts the reaction extends beyond the united states of racism where for the time being niggers and spics march like the chosen people of whoever paid for this protest movement which makes it all right to steal rob and sob yourself into a nike store because why not just do it...

shops and neighborhoods destroyed...what is the story an exconvict gets caught stealing and expires after being detained the rest is history...

the curiious funeral now an event with a benefit concert on the side, performers fight and even fire their agents trying to get in the action...ther is talk of military honors although he was only a football player in high school...

now, obviously, it is more than about one but to rock the boat this much is downright ridiculous.

not without a plan, what we have here is failure to communicate- 

well, it does seem everybody is on the same page but what a fucking page!

the lines so blurry it is dangerous to any artist perhaps especially to this one...

let us before missed understandings further themselves be clear ;

everyone is saying let us be intolerant and racist against anybody that is racist and intolerant???

why don't he want to sign up to this fake utopia?

the only part he liketh is the anti police sentiment but it is in the wrong place -

in america you can take them to court and even win a settlement whereas other places it ain't so...

other places they send you a bottle a wine and to see if you drown in the crowd of crushed grape folk invaders...

in any case the list of lynched or exterminated minorities in the states is long and perhaps uneven or even biased, but the effort to electrify a change well there it is in a nutshell, change, the great democratic promise of three elections ago...so much for change...

he can put place it another way, revolution is not possible or it is as possible as trying to unmask the president of aforementioned era...

the only real solution is that people return to their homeland and build something there...

mexico, africa, russia, wherever the place might be...

as much as america is whatever pretense we happen to love or dream, it is not exactly a country = more of an idea in progress...

sometimes it works othertimes well war...

he brings all thse thoughts up not so much because he cares, but becaause he is being forced to confront it via the media campaign determined to avoid all the other pressing issues and there are several as you may be aware...

the ideology well let us credit castro and the we don't want them and we don't need them exodus which left miami at a loss for a few years...

one would wish for improvement yet history displays a decisive tendendacy towards division...

hopefully the rag tag burning and looting crowd will hear of what it is like behind bars or even first hand it and flee back to so called normal life...

imagine fighting the illusion of racism to wind up in rikers where like most detention centers the segregation is intensely sharp as a shank...

politicians without rank attend the funeral take a knee, spics and niggers roar...

walter, there's an indian at the door he says he has a date with daisy -

now look here no hindus died under arrest and even if we happily carry the white burden well our red headed daisy is only allowed to hookup with the negroes -

walter!

i mean the blacks, the african blacks or the dark skinned spics -

walter - 

i mean mexicans , hispanics whatever - 

he is tired yet determined to avoid the rest of that scene - 

fall a what hall cousin all - 

well there are very powerful groups and individuals determined to have this election turn blue even if it means their own daughters down on their knees for the cause because -

yes a theory but also what if reversed, the president's child at georgetown of all places but you forget the man has a family and those folks have to deal it with it just like everybody else...

all too much - now as he inspects this part of himself or that area of his imagination as if playing both alien and inspector...

film director - too many scenes -

true love too many girls - or perhaps only the witch again making her point...

for a minute he wishes he had enough money to get away from it all - 

except to work for money is to make an enemy of art and or one's talent -

balance - it gets harder as the news itself manicured to exhibit then nails at social media scratching -

he needs to find that balance as well as blind himself to all the nonsense being proclaimed in the name of justice and or equality...

otherewise this chapter may never see the finish line.

the kitten peed on the bed, lily wondered at how and or why, he said, obviously the cat is into white supremacy as she had been urging the crowd like it was the sixties civil rights or is that wrong movement all over again...

mister brown notes, they spent all that money switching bathroom signs...

space x music plays...

at this point he might only be capable of a limited type of self love as the strobe lit orgy imposes itself with sex machine groove  -

therein the true foreseeing genius of fitzgerald's green light future...

a terrible twist for a true romantic soul as bitter as freeing some zoo ridden animal into the jungle only to see it devoured by the laws of nature...

he can only eat by falsely claiming that everything is vegan especially when in los angeles...  

dont forget gluten...

glues eleven...

a spoon in a bowl fishnet stockings...

he dreamt a man being shot more than mutiple times, yet the man kept walking smiling even for a second he saw his own face then someone neared pressed a gun against his head and fired to see if that would stop him and he awoke...

looking at normal people a title, the year of the ride...some things you cannot escape...

two cents, all right until italy but sweden and the cardboard venus flytrap sadist suicide depression skype reunion mfa blew it as hbo executives demanded to know how hulu got a penis, who missed this, if there is a cock on tv it needs to be hbo...

a tall blonde model is intent on showing her house in a dream im with a fat woman who pulls me away - 

awoke early evening, contemplating the flaw in the story, not normal people which is obvious, but what does it really mean to say that the most beautiful angel turned against god...

light and dark or to be timely after being bought and sold into chains the consequently freed slaves expect a happy ending...

the jews only understood when germany turned fascist, their own state - elsewhere...

in turn themselves  becoming dictators...

but history or truth or intelligence matters not,

mob mentality not meaning mafia...duck soup,

some are terming it a movement, even making excuses for looting otherwise known as as sacking or ransacking or even pillage...

positively bizarre, people posting black squares without calculating it would silence the hashtag...

he couldnt help but recall high rise...

the poetry of hollywood squares...

well that is all another book or two but it sure upset him to hear of fashion houses being torn apart by hypocrites -

if nothing else should not chanel be holy?

as the distraction increased lily tried to balance the budget of the city of los angeles while participating in the racist witch hunt and gathering support for the natives of her country down under aha no that is vegan fried chiken amaze balls sprite...

lost in the surge of idiocy a report was filed claiming the kids that killed tessa have entered a guilty plea...

surely he will be convicted of disregarding form and style in simply throwing the tidbit in like a broken muffler joint onto the metal scrap heap no heroics or hurry back to circle for literature's sake...

a chapter now possessed by its own structures annexes and secret entrances...

but autumn if i legally change my name to waldo, he implores...

well aware that he could put place the controversial views in quotes or characters yet recently coming across that technique in letter form via long novel in order to shield the protagonist as the often srnsational lsd experiment tale got retold seemed to him unstable at best and obvious at worst...

his work, prefably is less work through straight words.

if only he could translate that into his love life of course that is actually up to her...

jeepers creepers... dreams so swift twenty four frames a second feels lije slow motion...

Faster than a speeding bullet! More powerful than a locomotive! Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound!"

"Look! Up in the dream!"

"It's a bird!"

"It's a plane!"

"It's Superdream!"

"Yes, it's Superdreamer- strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superdreamer - defender of law and order. champion of equal rights, valiant, courageous fighter against the forces of hate and prejudice, who disguised as your narrator, mild-mannered reporter for a great red white manuscript, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the literary way."

well, as biden rode around in his only viable candidate tank, the entire media turned a blind eye to the martyrs porno tape dear landlord not one of them wanted to intervoew kimberly, he was thinking, sure there was a hint nod mention sort of in secret but come on ...

well, after all is said and partly looted, nobody is seeing the blatant point:

riddle what is more important than elephants climate change global warming oil spill ocean diminishing water supply education yemen health care economy music and nearly anything you might want to add like immigration taxes pandemic...

answer, the ex convict porn star symbol of headless movement which nobody dare contradict mispronounce or ad lib upon...

he tries his skit for all white males to get in line for free castration - no feedback, mel gibsons father died...

one hundred and one normal people siglo...

domino effect mind set echo trend it aint even sugar...

argument delux, one eyed lou gone bonkers, sleep now too a luxury...

meanwhile alina, as if celebrating song anniversary remains in his thoughts...

he no longer likes her much but the feeling of knowing is overwheling as he blends the memory of her similarity to her younger brother in moscow hockey player and other details...

what could it mean, he doesnt even like the song much either finding the vocal too up front like commercial tunes the groove buried...

whatever, hopefully she is all right.

once locked in to judeo christ ethic there us no way out...

extending himself into available transmissions after love making taking into account vows he finds the ethereal the light spirit as if to make him worry over who is who...

the interview gives way to executive decision, torn tween two lovers love...

as one eyed lou finally reverted to what could be called her old self...

later autumn posted a point...

still he could not find himself that night as what now seemed a demkcratic campaign strategy crowded the hypnotized minds of the world...

how bad was it, well to even suggest that only women menstruate brought on arguments...

sex bias bills ... oliver shook and prespired while delivering the now classic i cant breathe line to a duct taped cappy 

contrary to popular belief there is continuity on the television, after a sleep full of holes and hallway smoking he found the australians taping up the crocodiles if only elton could play some rock...

ms white called it a set up conspiracy to syart the race wars...phrase brings to his mind charlie as he prepares to meet romans daughter...

might be, he had a sort of premonition before shannon and moss...

there is no shakespeare society and last i checked i was white...

literary rebels rush to make the ghetto versions of the bard...

to hotel motel or to holiday inn that is the quest son...

secret segments openly attempt to overthrow the second term with seemingly unrelated lea michele gossip...

super moon spells held many of us in daze...

the witch played music -

he settled into defeat as the chapter now had got the beyter of him and girls held the batter of him...

vaseline rub under overworked bags under eyes, ray bans over two hundred dollars he wondered -

screaming for a beam of sperm ms goo avower moaned but was it her...

some words are magical even without repitition...

segregation, for example...

oh dont be so race minded, think of it as a meal, each portion in place otherwise soup...

as we know soup is wet and known to burn if not cool..

tounges scalding nobody other than the expected are able to speak or seek some srmblance of critical thinking as replaced by reactionary demands...

the headless movement tries on any theory at any time or as the train rolls on the track stacks of tv boxes are looted...

what was that slogan making war for peace is

like fucking for virginity...

sure, purity is over rated but what if your literary agent was in fact urban...

next up suburban ...

bowie tingles through im afraid of americans and trembles into this is not america...

meanwhile one notices it is only the affluent countries that can afford these manifestations.

yeah, as the world and parts of the animal kingdom starve, the first world powers play at propping up the nigger slash spic clowns to fetch them novembers returns in blue...

highlight the divide and hit the conquer button-

could it be true, anything...anyone, all right the marines abolish the confederate flag...

what. hoist houston we dont have a problem, we are the problem.

if only all this was going into something useful

like it should...but of course who can stand in the way of a massive cover up or at this point or even logic.

imagine the footnotes on this down the line, as historians uncover the sides he cannot see...

oceanic flight 343 that airliner name sure rings alike the fictional oceania superstate...

or a tap at the telephone line in the apt...

either way the new talk sure seems like hate speech in a mask of equality...

duck soup, wait till i get through with it...



chapter twenty three v2

dictation apps are  years behind social media apps he attempted to get long with a couple but found them unfriendly although it should be said both picked up the word Adamite nicely still the letter c hmm let us sea since we mentioned the ships) some of what follows is dictation : Chapter 24 version 2 chapter 24 version 2 nope nope chapter chapter chapter chapter you got double time here chapter chapter 241 recording device 20 + 4 version 2 version 2 good Persian could just write it good Persian could just write it space space space not good for letters huh not good for letters huh the letter c ....

original title ; the topsy turvy story of the widow zhen  - - -  how did it end seventeen illiterate women and children she took matters into her own hand wedding knelt then this was supposed to be his honeymoon sang shy of the moon yet a writer writes it is a necessity at times for whom does the bell toll ---

1775 to 1844 contrast contrast Hedy Lamarr Hedy Lamarr 1914 mm 1914 mm mm mm the app is written in Latin letters he meant 2000 the app is written in Latin letters let's to it let's to it,

Before this mess, he meant to intertwine the stories of her and lamarr oh well not water from that well - - -

 Topsy Turvy story of the Widow Zhen Topsy Turvy story of the Widow Zen with an H with an H my American Ink Lake  meaning intellect  notes the year before independence she was born and died at Civil War Civil War however it is not an American story in fact  1775 or 1776 contains more he's  meaning history and simply more history than the english   stealing native lands - native indian lands -

intellect will and must have its manners it was soon after the completion of the Forbidden City and the Ming Dynasty that she was born during  QING era 

 soon after the completion of the Forbidden City and the Ming Dynasty that she was born during era Queen how's the Manchu Rose along with opium for most of us American or not most of us have not had the pleasure of opium through research through research he got pretty well at  open got pretty well a lot of other people considered it so as well a lot of  them were even poop your move Wars or the question is paris france rape then texas (strange to read back after the sith dagger scenes) wars which were nothing at all like the propaganda fuel in egg frying ages long war on drugs   War on Drugs quite the opposite

 pause he don't mean to get quite the opposite pause we don't mean to get pause does not mean to get political looking back truck looking back truck back trap he means track back trap he means track

still thinking a lot of if would have been void avoided if only han solo that bridge 

 all day it is the most brilliant face for say marijuana cocaine or hashish purely for research he into pleasure cigarettes learn lean  into pleasure cigarettes late reply definition no hear he here started it was under drum ex ez wider well sectional cloud of opium and all its consequences sectional cloud of opium and all its consequences the most beautiful beauty is yes I know The Parkers are protesting yes I know The Parkers are protesting pulling that  child photo from a wallet sure sure but in their heart suppose they know - using he met her in the room and was already in place he met her in the room and was already in place  tranquility.

 The physically not necessarily the physically not necessarily Department obviously not matter not matter we are subjective matter especially with chubby ones although it might be bleeding from the media of a  Don take the jurors on a boat ride 20th century bleeding from the media of a by Don 20th century they're not to not do all right and crossed back into biography they're not to not do all right and crossed back into biography the problem is perhaps no one does- look it, it is  like Jesus or Worse the tail starts much later in her life when she was already a Mary Magdalene sort of a girl fair this a what a father or family discovers that daughter has been squandering her virginity and consequently delivered her to a house of prostitution might have been the case with the widow in discovers that daughter has been squandering her virginity and consequently delivered her to a house of prostitution might have been the case with the widow in like english was chaotic rule but also took Hong Kong and to mention allowing reaction reaction it is brought up for the  don't know as it is her story equally as even the most people think are miles from but the stupidity Knows kilometer No Boundaries well China itself was forced into slavery but the stupidity Knows No Boundaries well China itself has forced into slavery as the Widow was how much longer time to claim Independence how much longer time to claim Independence the case in point say Hong Kong was about century as for him he did not and perhaps still doesn't understand the true depth of love\

 yet with her as for him he did not and perhaps still doesn't understand the true death of love  yet with her a comprehension for the story is Arrow would be to Echo the often cited mention of the house headache was so perfectly beautiful some beauty to be clear and not be entirely seen looking at pictures or even high-def movies and e Lizabeth Taylor does not bring you anywhere near the astounding Violet of her eyes or the shopping since he of her features for the story is Arrow would be to Echo the often cited mention devil Amber Heard in that film where she walks into a bar and narrator in system for overwhelming Allure however the audience might not agree and like lesson Sensed: Show don't tell neither neither and that leaves only telling which previously he discarded and that leaves only a link which confusing concubines listen to his stories of the high seas concubines listen to his stories of the high seas wave curiosity she had enough sense since childhood curiosity she had enough sense since childhood the catch of fish was brought in within that partly torn net and spread out across the Box fading afternoon sun to squirm and quiver gasping for air like some impossible prayer fading afternoon sun to squirm and quiver gasping for air like some impossible prayer and unredeemed sinner beckoning for salvation

 he would say about a woman that most likely sold was a call if you will you want to be more no one knows that part of her life no one knows that part of her life however however the fact is that she became the fact is that she became most powerful force so much so so much so that managerial Palace managerial Palace the Imperial Fleet the Imperial Fleet she defeated I have to pack check that we have to fact-check that but yeah and for years she ruled viciously decapitating and plundering taking slaves then the whole nine as it were and for years she ruled viciously decapitating and plundering taking slaves then the whole nine as it were had hand which still astounds astonishing plus a getaway into happily ever after - now then the cut up method outro for version two of twenty four - 

post script buckley poured the adamite at kerouac to have as because here no line firing only a recall when talking to speech texter it tolls for thee and see how depth is heard alike death within contraption attention span limits commercial but he sea how depp loved am beer while another bridge said the bear dont care if you are a movie star, dont worry al no mention revolution's creep how cheap and rode the subway - as he was "sayyyin"

1776 contains more say marijuana cocaine or hashish Ching Shih was  strict the media of ages long War on Drugs pretty well at King  the often cited mention open a lot of other nothing at all like the the media of a looking back truck looking back so perfectly beautiful some beauty Don 20th century bleeding from track all day it is even high-def movies and protesting yes I know The Don 20th century they're not consequences sectional cloud of opium yet with her a comprehension into slavery as the Widow City and the Ming Dynasty too and protected by laws No Boundaries well China itself the case with the presented  fleet started much later in her a girl perhaps the only beautiful some beauty to be purely for research  into hear he started it was for the story is Arrow clear and not entirely quite the opposite pause I propaganda fuel in egg frying Jesus or Worse the tail don't mean to get  prostitution might have been people considered night so and crossed back into biography the Manchu Rose along with a girl looks like not an American story in Topsy Turvy story of the situation fair this a will and must have to threaten  and Taylor does all right and crossed back cigarettes late reply definition no military strategy. Strategy. She even went opium for most of us Lake notes the year or Worse the manners it was soon after Hong Kong was about century through research got pretty well  delivered they're not to not do and all its consequences the most beautiful beauty is yes nothing at all like the up for the I don't tail starts much later in value, while the remaining 80% Civil War however it is not meant to get political her life when she was eyes or the shopping since before independence she was born seen looking at pictures or him he did not it might be bleeding from under drum well sectional cloud he's Street and simply those mean to get pause does you anywhere near the astounding for stealing native lands intellect has forced into slavery but the opposite pause I don't after the completion of the supposed  story of the Widow Zhen that she was born  placed into the fleets of the house headache was the stupidity Knows No Boundaries ages there  squandering her virginity and consequently  the loot was entitled  distributed. Distributed. Whichever ship Ching as for him he did not and perhaps still doesn't Widow Zhen with an H is Arrow would be  much longer time Dynasty born to not bring you anywhere near life when she was already matter of fact we are subjective matter propaganda fuel in egg frying house of prostitution might have been the true death of loved Kong and to mention empire allowing into biography the problem is at Civil War Parkers are protesting pulling that in discovers that daughter has pictures or even high-def movies necessarily the physically not necessarily discovers that daughter has been known as it is her and perhaps still doesn't understand during era Queen how to great lengths to form opium and all - perhaps already a Mary Magdalene sort  entirely seen looking at.



chapter thirty three

During the days of Easter, he kept seeing his handmade door. It was a known fact that somehow escaped his waking mind -

He remembered being certain that placing a chain around a hanger hanging in a closet and pulling said chain through the wall and into the remoced handle with a master lock would not only serve for an entrance but also protect a specific girl which he had been concerned with at the time...

Still, why had he not thought of it before, all these years...he had kept the keys to the lock and been in contact with it since...

somehow it was only now that it crossed his mind...

in a dream kenzie was dressing in a much larger room and he was there...

she, a woman of faith, could have held some sort of reasonable conversation over his concern with more ancient spaces...

the translation of dis pater from the celt which to him sounded awful similar in some eerie tone to dios padre as the spics enjoyed saying...

one of the ancient gods, he felt had contacted him directly and he responded as best he could understanding that although time itself might be irrelevant to these deities there might still be a lingering need for mortal recognition ever since the shift which brought a goodly majority of the population into the hands of judeo christian muslim bhuddism and or apathy...

it was then that after a fair amount of struggle the recording process took a significant turn and listening to his easter track he knew that rarely had any guitar sounded so groovy in all of modern recorded music...

it was, even if he sounded egomaniacal, thrilling like discovering some sort of magic recipe...

he had to, of course, give due credit to the witch for it was she that made him burn in suchh a way that it drove him directly into creation...

a chain reaction as he waited upon miss goo avower...

-----

that sort of temperature rise ride he had only encountered with alyssa years ago before she said ill kick your dick so hard you wont be able to have babies...

---

across the west end street, and then across oceans...

he dreamt of the witch, after her all night torture, and a day devoid of dreams...

it was as if fate was fast at work yet he was faithful even in the blinding light of trance

or the few and fearless quarantine groupies

...

the music, he decided, placed his wife in a category that went beyond any other songs wroted for any goo avower  before her...

well, he did think there was one in terms of music and he covered it to leave no arguments-

her love or his idea of her love held an inspiration that dwarfed any other he had known in terms of rock and roll...

he lamented his lonesome and jaded with suspicion state and the awful fact that even in marriage he  constantly pushed her away from his true feeling which was utterly overwhelmed by her...

too much hurt makes a man hate and the loathing feeds itself by holding back love even as inspiration gushes forth in ways so unexpected the casual observer might use the term genius although he would readily admit only to some talent in poetry and rhythm where the real genius was her ...

he told her once she made him believe in some sort of perfection and some of the new songs proved this truth...

she did not respond but the witch did soon after say well im not perfect as if to imply a continuation of the rivalry...

he awoke and made love to miss goo avower with the shadow of the witch hovering over his desire but when the music played in his mind at a kiss or cuddle there was only them...

drifting into other dreams after sex he found himself speaking of a farm to his lost aunt who sat in the lost apartment with her daughter on the faux leather west town house sofa bed at which point he sauntered to the hallway closet for bedding cloth where the towels were also kept so vivid details these of home saddened him upon waking to the rolling stones and heroin echoes soft as mothers milk...

the silvery knob round screwed on one side of a two pANEL FOLD OUT DOOR -

vampire line came at the memory, a  castle that might only exist in the mind ... of o

ne man...

he tried not to care, but he loved his home and the thought left him dazzled.

still he loved miss goo avower more even if he could only say his adoration in songs...

in further or finally dreams, he walked into the oharnacy and stood between faviola and scarlett writing longhand into a legal pad...



chapter 23 v3

The law made prohibition, as in one child per - 

Fa then here major that minor quirk left the land with a lack of girl as the households gravitated to bring up robot boys -

Beijing once upon a time Peking, he sits not entirely satisfied with day or previous chapter atempt. 

The Astro Creep 2000 isp echo distraction which was preceeded by the speak to me spic in your vacant spicorama while assassination attempts slid by unseen - every moment wasted is a no return ticket to the grave -

He raved within, not that it mattered to any one two three pin down wrestling excited commentator but the widow Zhen - he decided ardently deserved a greater effort on his part and since writing was the keenest of his triple threats well, there he was -

Typing - hopefully neither devil man nor dominican mayhem in his head breathing the nearly destroyed inspiration of thought - 

He fought, of course, she must have fought harder -

How, we know not - yet early on she was inducted into what some cliche inclined circles term the world's ol de st profession -

Flirt seen or virginity toyed with - we do not know - 

It might be like Russians with buckwheat -

The boy kneeded an operation after the embed action well before sonya left osaka for dubai connection minsk rail model home -

He wanted to have some buckwheat or better yet he wanted to fuck wet continue his honeymoon - 

Ms goo avower declared she needed two books not one if he was going to desk -

And he was going where nobody had filled in the timeline that is one day born in the Qing Empire as the nation lost its balance to heavenly opium with that plastic white smoke filling the air while invaders fractured the basic structure of the land.

True story, trusting in the stories drunkenly stated while she served in concubine capacity, her desire or perhaps let us call it lust which would have naturally revolted against thrusting penis and the like turned to sailing...tuned in to what was then a viable option which we term pirate -

Somalia, possibly the last of these...Hey writer, ever notice how the darkies cannot stay away from the ocean even at the risk of drowning well something must have happened in their psyche after gunpowder trade slave travel -

So, as he was saying, she took her race to sea without mercy except for the strict rule of chopping up into pieces any one in her service that happened to force himself upon a captive- hey these are my captives hey i am the captain ho now bow low before i cut off your dumbass head for disrespecting her and so on until the entire coastal area was in shock with terror -

it's like that - he will have you know without one doubt after certain illustrations, a person need only present a hint of greeting to be heard or even an envoy -

it's her and suddenly they head for the hills or hand themselves over to her mercy -

Envy not, to be feared with such feeling must leave one unable to cast a true reflection in the mirror -

it requires vanquishing any trace of one's own innocence and even what one might have been  indeed a type of blindness with even the third eye focused on the nova express phrase inflexible authority -

mirror mirror on the wall who was the baddest bitch of them all - she - shih - ching shih -

Very few have achieved it...Ghengis Khan, Alexander, Hitler...and her,

I speculate, the term ka ching as in the cash register sound is derived from her renown.

They must have shit their pants like the Germans at the mere mention of her arrival - 

days, months, years and years her rampage went on with a fierce determination one might only translate as a redneck's relationship to duct tape -

Now then since this part of the story is fact, he leaves the narration (instead of making a major plot development as intended with a two sided play between hedy lamarr and hollywood which would have been brilliant given the boat angle - gown glow at louie bee mayer she wanted more and got it debut groovy then wifi code seed scramble signal shop lift talk show et cetera) to carry on with his mess as it were - - -

However, it would be a horrid thing to omit how her prowess at command and conquer could not even be defeated by imperial forces or international fighters who happened to be there in the party of this piece of china now belongs to us and we won't give our citizens this fine drug but you yellow monkeys might as well get hooked on it go ahead yes the united kingdom took hong kong until hong kong started thinking we are not chinese...

He told you China is an ongoing fight, well, this was another hundred year war...

Wear the Heston film some days in Peking to get a view from cinema - - -

As always happens, the downfall arrived - yet it came with a twist, that is to say on her terms -

There was one item of kneeling which could not be agreed upon until she pushed the envelope by dragging in seventeen women and children as the equilizers -

here you go, your highness, these are some my slaves none of em can read or write so you can have your way with them now can we get on with it all right all right if you hold the ceremony then I will take that fool and his sperm in the bonds of matrimony all the while thinking I am getting away with murder pure murder perhaps she could not have held back a quiet giggle at the scene, wouldn't you? 

yet, one could also postulate her imagined giggle also as chagrin...even while holding the upper hand -

With her experience and the inherent fear within the freak she married (for who would not be afraid of a woman that decapitated anyone that crossed her wrong ) it must have been child's play to get that puppy trained - - -

Sit, roll over, beethoven...Fetch my silk et al...

In the wink of an eye, it was all over of course and she moved on victorious not to mention with her vault of plundered riches surely servants slave eunochs and assorted others among these  - - -

It is not said, but sadly, that lost moment of pride from pride itself had to be what finally did her in - her death - to always remember having to have bent knee even in the guise of a ceremony was unbearable after basically having been the queen of the chinese seas.

The chinese high seas wherein even the fish were high with opium and spilled human blood -

What nostalgia it must hold for this new generation of radioactive fins...

garbage like landmines gag the unsuspecting depths in plastic poison pollution - - -

sol sole sick world still see how a little girl made herself a title sure lady ala macbeth but isn't that - to defend her as he should - what every single nation on earth has done yes what she did only in large format to level the "other" or invade until it is only us no them?

Yes it is, which is why marx the k noted of that people opium meaning religion  wherein I disagree as it is essential to some type of order and hope for the many or more but his point is sharp as the hypocrisy underlined say in an ernest tubb tune saturday sinner sunday saint of course not all of them no they ain't but you ask around and you will find the judgement is an easy call to fall on or if y'all so gung ho on not going to hell why not hero up into the hereafter huh well a sin sure we see the reasoning of that seasoning but how is it holy to rake out in a fake shout manifest destiny or some such in dollar wet rust? 

She made money and then she made so much money she had what is known as power which was enough to allow her to peacefully walk away from it all into the pages of perhaps hard to find history (since our nationalistic isolationist mind set however global the pretense only gives head to its own echoes)

except within this mess of a novel which was actually based on a quasi clever quest - - -

questions?



CHAPTER TWENTYFOUR

Song, aside from the Korean name, is a type of music...

Surely, a good many "songs" are poetry...

He thought, as the evening started surrending to a new day. 

Back of the Andi Kalaj Gallery of Modern Art,

or AKGMA as it was commonly known in the greater Michigan area.

He sat there partly amazed by her slick appearance with her hair pulled straight to one side in a tight curl, makeup so sharp that one didn't notice the color for the radiance, nearly as bright as her gold crucifix which hung in ironic position just above her cleavage.

She hardly smiled, although entirely enraptured in joy, as the crowd peered at her countenance's curves.

He read the review from the local journal aloud, "A new and exciting voice is speaking to us from the collection now on display at AKGMA, famed hairstylist turned artist during the recent hibernation when the world went bearesque not to mention grizzly, Angela K, explodes her visions in a series of pictures that can only be contrasted with John Wayne Gacy, Roy Lichtenstein, and cityscape graffiti on a minimal scale...

"and you were worried that nobody from Eisenhower High would amount to much,"

Andi smirked at me as wine flowed and memories of what seemed a lifetime ago surfaced at the word smirk -

I am going to grab a smoke, he averred waving at her partly in friendly agreement -

As he considered, how in all the turns and all the twisting curves he had not counted on these girls as muses yet inspiration they proved - 

Outside, was it so recent that the step from indoors outward still held a sense of the forbidden?

He could not say - A stray cat dashed through the neon and he felt a new beginning just like he had felt extremely near to the end that day he postponed honeymoon pleasures to write up the words for the widow of zhen -

Yes, that morning after, awaking with her half in disbelief at his good fortune and half in desire for the world to stay in lockdown if only to hold her more than he otherwise would...

What was it, a trip to save himself from dehydration and attend to the greenery in the house his aunt had bequethed him oh but how frightening the ghost cities seem when one is alone as if incarnating a clash song, tonight they are closing up the world...the swings in the mirror door park taped up in crime scene fashion with barely a car in transit -

The year previous to twenty he had gone eleven days without water at headquarters - a fiasco not uncommon at that place which even made him raise his otherwise quiet voice - Don't you understand there's no wa- 

Wah wah...This time it had been five days and despite vitamins and plenty to drink his skin suffered - in fact somehow well not somehow, time travel never sat well with him and in going back and forth to the 1800s he was not only dry at the sides of his legs but also some pounds thinner. Pants that had not required a belt now did and it baffled him -

All of time as far back as Cleopatra was there for him to visit, but he could hardly afford to lose weight -

Five seven one hundred and thirty pounds anyone can do the math -

Heavy winds could pose a threat to his stance in gravity...

It was a long walk, only one fan showed in red pants and he nodded from afar with gratitude -

Magazine family familay sans the boy sauntered in return from walking their dog and it seemed a jog - he celebrated silently at the remembrance of months gone by without seeing her sprint and then some sort of knee brace - but he was not intrusive  - a good memory goes a long way in the case of prose...

A yell disrupted his reverie, the scream of a man he had just minutes before cursed, casual with intent to destroy - Had he already felt it?

Some folks simply cannot mind their own...

Haitian slaves hung around at the entrance of abandoned construction sites nearly drooling for attention - 

He was exceptional at dismissing the peripheral when it was not loud -

A couple of useless officers sat in front of a house - 

From experience, his insides recoiled somewhere between fear and trauma -

There is no telling what idiots given free gun reign will come up with -

A mobile jail sat at the next corner and his anxiety heightened -

the entrance to the supermarket was now supervised so as to allow one or two people in in a trickle as it seems they expected a flood -

at the outside line people talked of the novelty and of overheard cures...

those near to him kept more distance than necessary - SMH - usually these speak to me spics hovered like flies on shit -

that was good, he judged, noting how they stand there thinking that an infected mosquito won't bite them in the ass and transmit dengue or malaria...

Whatever, most of the meat gone and the cashiers are now all wearing masks and some are gloved also - 

Purchase, tip, exit - nerves still haunted and the haunting speeds up at the site of several more than too many other cops hanging around outside -

Problem is, they have to sometimes do something to prove that they are worth their pay and gasoline and whatever else we the people get taxed for...

There, that looks like something we can catch -

In my case, the encounters have left a hatred that I could not have imagined, it is the deadly sort, the type that is relentlessly unsettling -

To illustrate one aspect, so-called lawyers refuse to bring lawsuits to court against this criminal enterprise known as dominican cops.

Obviously, from even this quick glance back you can tell how even the proximity derails the day.

Another sign added on the church door, no mass until further notice - 

A few more steps, a car performs a uturn, I'm inside but the meat is soaking in some sort of reddish sauce neither wine nor tomato -

A little tornado of an argument well one eyed lou, I ain't eating it no way no how having cooked enough myself to know when something is off - miss fluffbucket goes into her prerecorded lament trance dub step downpour delivery and I respond it's not an argument it is a fact that I am pointing out -

Then a telephone call to tv ampire aunt  now reversed from her end of the world war with shakira she says who has time for any of that and he queries does water added to meat for tenderizing vapor ever turn red well of course not but to make it conclusive you see you see say now how about getting someone with a car to make these house calls all right here's one eyed lou adios -

pour me the kfc, arrived a few layers short of a hazmat suit you should have seen the scene - 

After a few hours then finally untangled from badges and bullies and bullshit holier than thou relatives the reality sets in and he settles far away to race within the love with ms goo avower but wait sayeth the witch can't you feel that excitement is for me - aha - disregard me now and I will have you sucking my seven month old dog dick -

West End ancient telephone booth answers red dog dick..

He cannot explain, pleads the fifth but secretly he will tell you that it had to be someone shocked at the lipstick erection from a canine that first time beheld uhu - 

He consults with his wife and other concubines - the majority is with him, fidelity supercedes puppy testicles at your chin -

He gives her his adoration, there is a perfection only lightly salted by the cell phone he left on for charging in order to plug in keyboard for app type turn and those notifications -

Jessica illinois chicago...

I'm going down, sorry but I can't take you -

The harem stirs at the throbbing, they are trying to go for a robbing - give me some, give her a kiss, I need a hug, hold me - hold on he rises from the honeymoon bed in another time and place -

Flicks the remains of the cigarette, turns away from the chilled northern air, ride or die, the words mousse his curls, these girls in a story as intricate as an Egyptian tomb and yet the sense of ease when the toppling wanting of penetration gets replaced by some sort of elevated recognition as if magic as it happened there he was cool as refrigerated cucumbers not without love but with a love perhaps divine for it was always -mostly- his intention to highlander it semi colon there can be only one -

Cassette in deck, he sees them swarmed by admirers and assorted others and he slides back to where we were ghost towns and ms goo avower held him in a groove higher than gods or devils could have granted.

It was then he gave her his teal blue ring and in the act some sort of well worn and weary from action tune resounded in the distance, a scratchy sweetness the type once common on turntables it seemed from the bygone era of the nineteen twenties or thereabout which rattled softly against the silence as if a cat had purred.



chapter twentyfive

Not a soul to tell our troubles to and when it's twelve o'clock we climb the stair -we never knock for nobody there...

Although, he still sensed some sort of residue fragrance which might be described like a mixture of milkdog bone biscuit and faded leather, the listerine and face lotion went a good way into masking the canine mayhem which the witch had bitched out his way.

Way oh way, no way, he thought to himself and yet unable to verbalize his agony to another, much less ms goo avower, he carried on secure in the strength that he could pretend it did not happen or in the worst case scenario call it a cigar -

That day Ms goo avower, as she had over the weekend, continued sporting a white blazer which she was certain would make her ethnicity seem a shade less white than your average toilet.

She took selfies and talked with a couple of her fans as the writer worked hard to avoid news and infiltration from others...

SHe leaned into his nearness and sighed, that - that - last night - it was -

Yes, he blushed for a moment in bliss as they kissed  until she continued,  Is that - are those hairs stuck on your cheeks?

He rubbed one side of his face nearly feeling the texture of something sliding yet holding on by means of the very cover up lotion -

At a loss for words, he blurted out nose hairs in question form -

And I could swear - what type of toothpaste is that - is that new - I could swear it was like alpo -

Alpo, what do you mean miss goo? I don't have Swiss toothpaste -

Not the alps, Alpo the dog food -

His silence told her what he could not say -

She didn't, OH MY FUCKING GOD, she declared in a sudden southern drawl rather distanced from her outskirt London talk and with a gasp added SHE DID -

He repeated, she did, I didn't even it see it coming and then she posted a picture in the hangman rider deck tarot posture reversed wearing hardly nothing and a white hat oh the inhumanity.

She embraced him then as he muttered something about understanding if she wanted to get a divorce for although cigars tasted worse to a kiss than dog chow he weighed who would want to be with me after that mutt put his pork in my mouth?

It was then the witch appeared, glowing brighter than a Russian model on her way back home after a month of foreign casting calls -

He squinted, yeah but I see it cost you a pimple right on the nose that you still have not been able to sweat out -

I will have my way with you, she communicated via telepathy -

Who? Who are you talking to? Miss Goo Avower questioned - 

You know, he said with manhattan pursed lips -

She dared to come even while we are together -

I suppose she figures we won't be together much more -

No, honey - let's not even go there, let's get clean and then you can play with me and my boots I swear sometimes I think you love my boots more than you love me -

He grinned, but then remembered, you know she has three more dogs - well four, really, but i dont think charlie can get it up no more-

Wait, are you saying you gave in to her?

No, still once in a while it's like, you know, he said now in a slower breath.

I know, but you can't let it get to you - otherwise she will pull us apart and use you as her plaything..

She pulled him into her self with a hold secure as a drum machine's beat and  beckoned him to be everything he had promised to her.

He said no words, but it was understood. A contract in the silence of matrimony.

After some seconds, she stood back, shaved the regretful hairs from him with the edge of her blazers lapel and smiled, I knew  that this relationship was not going to be easy and that's not even considering those other bitches trying to turn your head around, trying to have what is mine -

Yes, miss goo avower, but I can't go back on my word or especially my dedication even for the fact of our love and the boots -

No, I get it, but there has to be what we wanted, I know I'm not as pretty as some of them or as popular but it's up to you to tell them that I am your girl.

You are - look - even without the boots - you are all the trite things people say when they they try to get poetic over a lover and being a writer I can't say them words in that order - I can only demonstrate it by being here with you entirely, wholly, fully, completely, without reservation, without lies - like all the way just like that just like this - a stupid little sun that rises only to warm you up high in the sky where all the heavens can hound me with the bark which growls look at that fool -

Really, you have made me the happiest woman in the world.

Hmm, you and the witch's dog.



chapter twenty six

"The circle of Jews around Roosevelt encouraged him in this. With Old Testament vindictiveness they regarded the United States as the instrument that they and he could use to prepare a second Purim against the nations of Europe, which were increasingly anti-Jewish. So it was that the Jews, in all of their satanic baseness, gathered around this man, and he relied on them..." - excerpt from Hitler's declaration of war, 1941

harker, thought, what manner of man is this? he feeling the dread overpowering him and therein finding no escape for himself.

the writer is alluding to stoker - the always remembered dreams are few, they need be;

you would not like my job.

the mystery woman of surreal  circus showed him standing next to a lion.

Miss Goo Avower, once in a while seemed to him to be a lioness. 

He lavished her with affectionate caresses for five hours until her purr became a reverberation within their mutual addiction.

However, his thoughts worked against him in dreams wherein Russians rose without eros and left him in worry...

A good high leaves you feeling like a bobble headed doll atop some dashboard you cannot reach...

That day his buzz was like the doll but headless...

Something else was in control, not him and so he waited. Often he would riot against the temporary lobotamy, but having gained more perspective he was more inclined to wait. 

An idea was forming along with jealousy.

The concept of a convergence between a couple of specific notes in "time" and or "space" - glance article memory meteor exploded over western land mexico california like a wink from a girl movie star - stance witch and wife and rumours and flirtation ran right up to his sex drug hug habit nun rabbit not to mention tricks of dropped z tuning off spring...

you caint change your name, actual lee - united colonies! 

luckily a writer might pseudo nimble or an ominous et cetera...

neck in need of looking up from between her legs...

vlad said put me in the yellow hazmat -

a few weeks after the chapter's introductory note a headline; baatan completely occupied by japanese, next to: japanese forces take cebu, next to: 15 generals among war prisoners, next to: japanese flag planted in cebu city, text that caught the writer's eye.

Poetic, impeccable, apocalyptic...Still, which flower does the planted flag make bloom?

Thirteen five pointed stars in a circle...Rune betsy pentagram, los lobos asking if anyone remembers viking - 

He traces the past for connection swastika -

You might not "see" the definition of hid meaning his intention nude not rude -

but ask yourselves, a berlin style bunker beneath the white house elected wink

back to ideology, through idiocy hang up down rang the sound dostract deestract pete repeat the problem with us is we think everybody is the same, that is insane, he underlines.

worse the argument wearing itself into absurdity as if they amounted to anything other than common place plebes.

Fake gang familay hounded family him for this or that only to use whatever he might have left, what a scream...no dream...

flip through book, they will think it is him, press play song nobody will know the difference...

amplifier mind hate now that he is desperate yet he was never desperado just one of thoss eagle songs that werent his cup of salad days.

it does not stop, always a battle for self it seems all this wroted pretending he was not writing, how is that for well we are not dating but i seed her everyday since we work together...

now then, if only the neighbors would drop dead, ahem...maglione excluded.

exclusions excursions exceptions deceptions nations and years -

one ear van gogh oh dear annelise van glow nashville boston how does one declare war on  nebraska idaho i dunno but it is really it is 1944  in bali and this was first thumb right then keyed in board  1942 bali ashes of the ogoh ogoh that pre nyepi between macys thanksgiving day parade and voodoo but the hoodoo with monkey mask you ask he can't respond no response it all zeitgeist appeared right after hindu convicted rape men ape disguise no coincidence he convinced them extermination ogoh ogoh was it all a reflection of the day of silence all the dogs and devils telling the world without words wake up and save the plan the planet the plants maybe melasti mesabatan how that sounds or rhymes bataan what was it our short attention span occupied by rhythm blues commercial app api omen omedan but it was the girls trying to kiss him instead from far away he struggled without choice and broke the ice with no voice howling cut up here or if you will what if the total war is only now in second stage world domination triumph? not really a question mark, man woman or teen he been underestimated to make, such as your stomach. Your stomach.  the number of carefully counted years  political off strength

 and on is concerned. Is concerned. For twenty  this rising the emergence and bleeding carefully, you notice not or how few suicides during the calamity even from the gung ho i wanna go to heaven crowd while him he wants to be sedated 

and of recommendations rah rah ramones

how long has it been since needles and pins 

 not a jukebox not a showbox  Minister result that aims of his under the bed view well say something  Old coat, colonies of his entourage protest, it did not - who The rape  clash in finance, gang-raped  wanted to penalty.

 To pen alt . 

The standing up punishments, crimes internal politics, dressed in could use bus and is nothing on hundreds train Against women shocked they had presumed the night really straight, 

lesbian "That's what force. What force. His out prominently, yau could not horse cock hell even two fingers made her think twice 

the Congress water cannons ozara that is against men be pubg tightened talk took of his wear in most affluent ruling triumvirate thick

For one, for example, for two violence. Example, three more violence. These which saw the country answer to consensus around in the community services Our lawmakers shining perhaps because the death policy and  laws intern was led by chin stuck acne poet was comb lacking,  this rising young physiotherapist importance of have been gathered to suggested that day the penetrating and Candle-lit penis stood still massive India several cities. Several cities gone.  Heinous crimes sperm gone 

 president see asocial so difficult gold buttons, and murder trounced of young and the novel is leveraged above what if he is a boxing promoter...only in america, don, i live in america - do you feel good - we all live in amerika - you asked...for ford fourth time around a hound drop dead city chevy he recently wore a real thought reynolds title shopping silver up twenty no twitter no time no nothing notes except pounds or perhaps ransom

 The real pay-off happened. Ad happened. On he was to be then another political fallout the high saw men sawing fail, remembered, took despite harsher wisdom...

well he knew they were guessing as soon as several outlets started in with everything coming to netflix et cetera or perhaps it was when SNL articles appeared in the post a once subversive innovative institution now regurgitating the news instead of making it -

making it new he knew not he only knew knots 

To escalate. Outrage over focus should forces to prime minister stiff collar up the case has to  backdrop the emergence from poser halifax exclaimed inferior and enhanced with instagram zoo shit posting 

 Prime Minister  better fit blue eventually made out disposed that military organised he expected. Had expected.

 Of the the decision is outside outside  is  anagram play maybe made  agitation white hair  otherwise disheveled residence. Disheveled residence. Initially, to set down his voice the women activist pressure bundled up to compare alert, his firm double tears cry somewhere along ass eyes 

see how the cold winter thrown with it saludo saludo saludo how much is a hello worth testicles fake visitor arrived perhaps for quicker made rightly frustration eats company. Eats company. Above break these jacket arms. At arms. It pays why when we was freshly he had bushy eyebrows of laws in war all the sexual as Sexual Is strength well. Strength well. There of  several demonstrations. Several demo n'strat ions.



chapter twenty seven      



It was, except where it wasn't, the ending of the usually merry month of March otherwise continued from May showers and the still flowering April flowers.

There were dreams that night as light as love itself, yet they pulled away from him as if he were caught in the quicksand of questions...

He awoke counting from one to ten in Japanese, or trying to...

The fall will probably kill you before you get the chance to drown, said Butch to Sundance...

itchy knee sang gogh rock n he liked anagrams well enought as one would expect a writer to go for word games, but it was like that once in a while impossible play set up to stop making sense...

Outside, used to eye - i duste off you could wonder for days searching for brooms along the avenue and so while interesting nowhere near scientific that diet sodu...

Yet, kudos he still wanted to write that book, take that look and leave the glance to generations to come and save them the time he had lost 

and found...what is that sound, her drawing...

her design...how thrilling to awake to love, to miss goo avower's love.

He was nothing short of inspired but had to press on despite wanting to wear her out all the way in - 

This inspiration arrived with two words, he could have illuminated an entire city with the power of his enchantment -

Learning twig from ancient tuig was like getting stoned on bliss but then gork was an extra kiss -

The feeling of elevation beyond the mundane and the meaningless did not last, it never does -

detail of communication, don't you see even in the event that this land grab in positions pointed out within the manuscript get anywhere near accomplished well, what do we in fact call you, you have not provided a name for this character, no matter - not to worry -now then we were saying there would still be nearly three million hindus in the united colony states and nearly another million in England but everybody knows the English can't count so that number is only an estimate - all this to focus on the fact that it would require a great extra hours task to effectively terminate such a population as you yourself know... 

blah blah blah - the headache pounded with the weight of uncounted or undocumented members of the caste system...

He felt a mixture of Pokeman and Pol Pot, gotta catch them all before a holiday in cambodia...

As entry level data technicians wtf'ed two hundred thousand words not even half way through and headquarters saying or else well how about this paragraph yet no mention of pbs thirteen new yorkie cocker span heel...

his thoughts turned while he burned for Ms goo avower but all flames turn to ashes and within the worry the fire of the day quickly surrendered to necessary cutting of chest hairs much to the dismay of Tom Jones and elimination of excessive underarm hair ,much to the dismay of deoderant manufacturing companies -

A spice specific to Indian cooking, if anyone wants to call that food, could easily be coerced to serve as catalyst agent if not for immediate quarantine well then symptoms -

A lot of folks are not even getting tested..Well, lottery the lot; restrict the kit only for symptoms, they will be dying to know! 

Sure the Aussies were one big spy house but what fun to be had, mate!

everybody wants what they cannot have -

He played chess, mindlessly, to rediscover that starting point from which he wanted to chapter twenty seven...a coffee another coffee and cigarettes fighting the echo of control mechanism regression tarzan language level before leaving the apes...

To think it was the year that Glenda Jackson perfected androgyny...

Like a wizard that had learned and memorized the secrets of the self...

He knew from some sort of hidden instinct that the entire deck of cards could no longer be dealt in the way they had been and given the slant of a strange pull, lack of dreams, and the knowledge of how it all turned out in a timely, and terribly beautiful fashion with the obvious failure of restaurants in New Dehli which he should have calculated but that is the problem with hubris...You figure, having devastated the population well what could go wrong? Oh, to disremember that an eatry requires eaters...sure, sure, can't win em all...Of course, he still debates if more travel posters in say tokyo would have improved profits...possibly the reason for the back in time counting in Japanese... 

time zone impaired, he prayed to not be wrong in the hours waiting for her - 

so in the menwhile he turned the dial to dictate pre-written poetry from a resurecction machine as an outro for the number chapter possibly to be (as all within the novel might be) retitled when "outside" -

 His ambition lofty perched on shoddy distractions making swords as well. Swords as well. 

But he was roaring, charged the relatively puny figure. Relatively puny figure in a tale set in modem industrial ugliness. 

 The immense military establishment and now  security lips exposed her great fighting silk, combination Peter Pan and homemaking what interested her.

 Tire background music the very structure is songs in ceremony in church temple in marching further aligns et cetera 

 Tarzan dropped to the murphy a large arm kicks industry the ring slid off his finger in the lost room is new britney he gave to now grave recall death pajama party spears

wicked, blood-shot eyes action, so that no potential aggressor with the world and the charm  ball protruding from a huge  iron sinew hernia which bulged beyond and carefree; 

by contrast, the grownups holding his head seemed like they knew she goo got it all six felt in every city, who had to have a pretend mountain of flesh. Mountain of flesh. 

orgy drawn, snarling lauren and grave implications.  implicated tree Our toil, American makers of added to this, nike shoes breathing  against his decree and a great rolling sin accepted since bill "do it" did not seeming pitifully inadequate still they insisted made in china for cents

  Yet herself pennies a Peter Pan figure: stubborn as the Federal government recognized the influence of his penis-- economic, political, even spiritual madness. Even spiritual madness. 

Awaiting him  stood like Tarzan, himself all United States corporations.  This conjunction in the American experience versus The total war emergency improvisation of national defense; we must be mighty, ready for instant his sure memory of shorty dick out for uncle suck rub legs twelve years what - wait lulu chu was at it again three ejaculations they admit rabbit he had moved-

 His enormous shoulders Breathlessly the is it real tribe watched from the base of his skull, so Nearly seven feet seven stood miss goo avower to create a permanent  peacetime, or indeed by the fighting men of World War II or baby, 

and hes a fairy godmother nazi counter spy the nsa said and filmed like bear no  relation to that known barbie while Cia won't talk to Fbi

 Their pleasures asked do he mean the drug dealer or axed like east coast said chickens why would he mean hen the chicks are innocent roused by mighty muscled predecessor  gleamed in horrid reflection of his objects, decapitated the last four digits and divorced the mule having yet to figure out her name or his own in metaphorical alimony then eggs bread

You could have any woman sexual Taste of Honey is a fairy Korea. A fairy Korea france russia with funds yet he moved only now by neck knife necklace nee goo avower even the witch grinned at his dedication like a single lump on the back of infected costa rican ear  bunched and rounded with huge in this story chapter novel is a her . Story is a he  is  we wearing still the wounds of one word hypnosis chorus wrapped up by world press ghost lennon to yoko is it always oh or that then now co, was it obladioblada is it all ways the oh. co. international intention firing right into collective unconciousness like a film from the 1930s 

wherein what Vogel really wanted to know was when, if you please, the wedding would be?



chapter twentyeight

1320 that poland reunification first known use of the word pork - poured question porn, nineteen sixties from pornography 1842...

a one hundred and twenty years abbreviation,

would this be deviation...

still, what else takes a hundred and twenty years?

don't noah...manischewitz...o pal, dear reader how weird to wisdom or twig as it were spontaneous ark in the middle of gen dont say it dont jinx it side lines...

you will think no he wink he eye planned annex fed but not the case really a synchronicity truly.

well the words as at that point in the tail he had no notion of how the annals would be shaved...

sob ye heathens, sober he back to war saw to see if there be any further why or years!

what a fucking intro to a paragraph he crowds himself with writerly tingle note perhaps rethink it as edit for chapter one.

roy was his burt name not your narrator or writer but ear from before, now then,  the Mayflower Autonomous Ship sailed from Gdansk yes a modern craft four hundred pilgrim years in anniversary hull, the writer did cull.

btw blood does not always squirt out when the head goes chopped shopping not to incriminate himself still worth noting.

oh to have something in common with jessica!

co trickled out was or would be the phrase he might employ...

yeah yeah, like who hasnt killed a cunt in the mall? 

hey ho judeo christian judgement gotta go...

co type coco meet nut, the word fur crazy yet daughter of shoe, nut deity of all skies, of uni verse yes only not university...

nu knew it, he always wondered why aleister wrote it no wing the knowing consequences new mexico...

tell your ma, tell your pa our loves a goin two grow, growl, howl...frankenstein say relax dont do it look at price charlie paid camilla companion to not attract attention yesterday someone let infected hooker thru-

he saw the best minds of his generation hibernating, hounded by their own indoors as long time hermits felt the hurry up and do something fever rise from their desire to go "somewhere" anywhere while the recluse considered sure but nothing has changed except now you get some idea of what it is like...

there were few murders, outside of his own  carved intentions in writing but every uber so often you could feel the bloodlust rising in the air against once upon time loved ones...

possibly a pandemic cuts down other forms of human demise...

nobody was praying for corona virus cities or nice price charlie in social media as would be the case at tea error ahem t-error-mobile harrumph

t err oris m...

at least not yet and like usual incest raced around the clock in just this once or just the tip or a blow job is not sex or it will be safer up the ass or what is that perfume grandma sniff sniff or all right grandpa use your finger again as the induvidual case might be...

as for work in progress reactions, the writer had not experienced such varying windows and doors...

lizard crawling entrance to cockroach sucking potato followed by solitary fly...

sigh, why could it not hold back until final edit manuscript...

music, he motioned without mention in love without men in lust without semen, playing to practice dedication faraway insemination...

maybe, his attempt was too intense with that chinese name unsaid muse but he saw at that point that even extreme reaching was not over the top given a world wide quarantine...

not alone yet alone not with anybody but anybody nearby could derail his next to her feeling...

he could get around one eyed lou, but sometimes she could be manipulated into maintenance mayhem it seemed ahem sure amanda hates me but maybe now that shes having a baby oh lord have mercy on the world parenthesis she will confirm the robot aspect he had been dealing with years gone by bynes but pod possibly that was an argument for twitter not text...

the ither other man da pit put placed war paint upon her fine features as dakota not suspira continued to give battle although nobody was fighting her, you know when an actor gets a motion to notion and there is no clip board cut well it could take monkey sunset gordon car demille omg a donkey reading from the grass...

the only thing he wanted other than ms goo avower was weed,  ruling out retirement in japan...

itchy knee maybe full circle now from previous chapter to here he notes.

witchy forehand my scratch how from devious trap to her nose he.



chapter thirtytwo

it wasnt a honeymoon, yet the time needed some sort of stamp and for the love of miss goo avower he engaged himself in the quest for a love song...

of  course, he was not a natural songwriter, only lucky with some dexterity in terms of guitar and nuance adaptations...

in a few days, he wroted and recorded seven deadly sin songs five of them his own compositions...

when was that, sometime in april...impressed by feeling that he had gained much in the practice of previous recordings, he carried on and even took the time to glance at true blood...

strangely it brought him memories of his own blood...distant azure kitchen manhattan...not part of here...paper bag bandage...

well hbo was partly free and feeling that miss goo avower would not mind his vampire enthusiasm there you have it...

the rain meanwhile in witchland drenched everything and while she bit on his love genitals he said instead of asking her to stop knowing it would be futile how hbo loved penis...

a blatant love he means he thought his sister loved dick but hbo took the cake...

how many boy parts had we seen via home box office, she finally unclenched her evil little teeth and smiled giving him the finger all right that is true...

do you think bush had seen this...how am i ever going to look laura in the eye, he pondered...

well texas was long way away...and most likely there was no need to worry...

as parks were turned into burial sites, all he wanted was his pact with the goo avower and of course not to piss off the witch too much...



chapter twentynine

Not for chronology, yet some such details were worth noting, he mused.

Pink lock kim hee pronounced knee decided forever...Throwing away the key.

As he dreamt easy with desire bridged by bride, rock star games dropped in on the internet machine in the form of sixteen minutes fifty six or seven which some reported as seventeen like the magazine.

Bob the bird some said bard for alfred nobel's bounce hawk, the writer knew the songs and there had not been one since 2012...

He wondered, it was about president kennedy calling him up...

He tried to telex from memory some past chapter that mentioned the conspiracy cover up but he couldnt be certain if his boy was playing for democrats - pubicly he had started a hollywood style war against this  song and dance cum sales man but it was for show...

if pressed, he could not measure the extent of dylan's influence...the word is admiration yet it was admitedly tinted by suspicion...

the dead was joe, at the place of roads, boxcar scribe didnt mention him there or anywhere even if gins was a mutual friend...

you locomotive were never no sunflower!

it might be something or not, how quickly the rot still you caint task take away masters of war or the trouble it must have been to escape those lines tarantula here lies bob dylan blind boy grunt wilbury...

et cetera awake at two wanting to make love with miss goo avower...

far away and over the hills, the witch menstruated with a heating pad...

sending him into ibuprofen maze...

he thought i will wait...the day before fury had visited perhaps through that period...

you call this cardboard food, he brooded one meal why cant it be good going on three days,

the pernod poster was now butterfly, always the cvs men in that room across the street window wide oh well let us hope one day they see action other than cum upstairs...

two afternoon, extra sensory alert telepahy flip through news listin curfew went from eight up to five in flurry he tried to reach supermarket all lost we close at two thirty today he races out with minimal proceedure and feeling one with his wife yet worried over dangers unforeseen...

it was disco for one elsa host at three and he would mossad miss it...

or would he, gathering up quick items to line three girls in tight spandex said behind us and therrr he stood grrr while they danced and stole glances at his cashmere scarf serving as inconsistent mask my gentle man go ahead they judged and he gave them kisses in the form of hershey and hurried back with only a hint of dick sauce forming at the tip of his well miss goo avower's love gadget - 

he would and yet

a different disco for one indeed, with fine woman trio, 

it was always too exciting to experience nearness to actual flesh and times three well he must habit been real love for wife to not shock the monkey right after...

all temporary supplies gathered but money waited to be sent, to arrive...

here was the genius of tightly knit blockchain cryptocurrencies yet people were stubborn and certain transactions still had to wait through weather...

desolate streets silent beneath the sky blasting warmth, he was near to sweating...

he was near to swearing that adoration was all one needed in the poetic terms of aside from the usual...

so long ago it is not easy to get back the details...

there is still the corona virus hotline, an international toll free service to preregister for professional quarantine, 1-808-cov-id19

three meals a day and work outs with richard simmons, the place had a waiting list for reservations...

yes, this is the covid 19 call center, how may we direct your call  --

the surprise of a live operator instantly kills a great number of callers, only a gasp is heard before the thump.

information- 

any response including info brings through the recording,

for symptoms press one, for testing press two, for your nearest facility press three, to report a nearby cough press four, to speak to a service agent press five...

informants were paid regardless of how much grease the agency managed to get on their frying pans.

of course, this meant that a lot of folks with mild allergies were targeted repeatedly by snitches out for another pay day...

that day where was i ah yeah, like always, miss goo avower found him an unexpected, exceptional treat, a film from the seventies in cheap imitation technicolor entitled mujercitas and he was thrilled in thought and spirit much more so since one of the women reminded him of her...

still, others, those eyes without a face, attempted to hound him into doubt, who was she really, could he really trust her, and the all time favorite "what if"...

he downloaded the film, and waited for the whirlwind of suspicion to settle or as E sang, we cant go on together with su spic ion mi-nds mines the pause, reflect outline, plan, posture, speak to me spic in your spicorama, that song swells as if the mere mention produced internal speaker sound nothing found cut reaction then proceed.



CHAPTER THIRTY

After the sequel and reaction sequence, he felt far away from miss goo avower as if nearly she had never existed meanwhile fantasy overpowered his imagination and he thrusted himself fully into the act of love five times until the object of his desires streamed out vaginal fluids at his recently trimmed chest...

Had he cheated or was he keeping promises as a gentleman should -

After reviewing sonya's video he felt uneasy over the possible fact that airlines could be guilty of date rape...the long flight over oceans, a little something in the meal or drink or both then the nap hey boys she's out well give it a few more minutes before we see what that mouth can do ... she awakes seemingly worse for wear... could it happen, it could of course the question is has it happened - to say a looker crossing over from a modelling trip in dubai...gets up with the sound of a baby crying in the background, thankfully you can't fit a mattress on a plane...

he should have been flying high in dreams yet he was pulled down by the pained idiocy of some spic crowd in baseball hats then a stranger handing him an empty revolver followed by one bullet then several...

men, especially the now nearly extinct hindu variety will go to any extreme in order to disorder their testicles...

still, the beauty of girl overpowered his concern and he carried on care free save for those unusual dreams and the awful feeling one gets when a great film is stepped on with low grade sequel -

The day flowed like the soft falling petals of a flower and he even found miss goo avower which brought a joyous excitement but also a jealousy at the edge of that very feeling...

During his meal one eyed lou announced that the cooking oil had somehow splattered out and onto her chest which both made his recent escapade some sort of surreal premonition and downright strange -

Other than that and the disagreement during her prayers, you see, he suggested a preface given that god might actually get a kick out of a global pandemic not that he needs the press...Needless to say, she disagreed and he needled at the biblical facts, the curiously mean hits in egypt and the flood in terms of general intention but also in individual terms as with the obvious job -

what was it, ah yes, other than that the hours passed smoothly although he had avoided thinking over the astounding fact of how much life had changed in what seemed to be minutes...

He did save some notes from that day, as he had noted to counter the earlier claim regarding the writing app...

Pure Writer, he liked it well enough especially when connected to the external keyboard -

It had been updated nine times perhaps ten in all of the previous year however or in contrast during that time well to be fair since late january when red white got off the ground at version  14.1 there had been more than twenty updates which at that juncture made it 14.10

but to be clear these did not go 14.2, 14.3 et cetera instead some were 14.4.1, 14.4.2 and so on...

He did not distrust drakeet reported name of designer, but it sure made him think twice, wouldn't you?

fly in the room drunk on cigarette smoke tried hovering low to escape the buzz...

secret unformed ideas crawled out of his aunts mouth during a then conversation and this added to his concerns...

yet the importance of his choice cannot be overstated uber dated it could also as well wrong...

pull up calf length viridescent socks and give the pilot a half hour auto drive pit stop race costume change no wonder one girl licked the occupied toilet...

oh a pretty one window seat nobody in the next two stretch you out in more ways than one...

it seemed, and if so who missed the message, communique clearly a friendly adorable sort even if not exactly muse...

they lived together in chinese little fridge until the neighbors intruded...

once upon a time...not to be confused with six days also intruded or hold my dog might have shot a man in the head at close enough range to say he done it himself i found him after returning from the mall...

or to go all the way into overload myth of self sister of first kiss lost room dreamt melting lipstick...

no none of these this one pink pleasant pinsk...

where ate the pinkerton men , 

posse should have reinhardt gone django instead only a frozen mango in the box

not your usual vibrator ,

partial apologies for the speculation...

om nom in any case hopefully not many  case, 

he said to miss goo avower that he would attempt and see if monogamy could be within without coven harem going haywire what about me not to motion mention promises...

next to impossible surely yet the only way to wear his adoration as the stakes were raised in seduction and distraction...



chapter thirtyone

To look away from here and glimpse the start of that April oh ts eliot now a lot of you were saved from tell jobs oh it seems such a distance where are his stolen binoculars and the penis sized lighter with the crosses...

a heart shaped mirror, he wanted to write a story or a song about two laurens...

Yet he had stayed awake too long, wanting to early out the aisle he found a line as russian ration day as the snow sprinkled white over pinsk walkways...

You can't get in without a mask, as if the impromptu doorman was spic spicorama telling the writer something... something new...

These masks they only reflect all our inner disguises...tel or tell or cell the truth and you aint got far to go...no. 

Walking away, he lamented the jacket choice and checking in on the second choice for shopping found another long line and returned to switch costumes...

Going with the costum the face mask felt heavy and warm as the air conditioning was down or off for some reason...

He stood behind a pregnant woman, but by the time he got in she weren't pregnant no more.

The hour that seemed to drag on like a blunt with more cigar than weed...

At least there was one woman that entertained him for reminding him of miss goo avower and perhaps miss rob all my wine...

a short romper as if mini skirt with back exposed and bra label seemingly pulled out on purpose sure a bit chubby with what acdc termed american thighs...

pause, he ate like an american that night - 

then said to himself oh look trump was giving directions in home alone tv replay so perhaps this will be like xmas...

still, a nice distraction and when fin finally he

reached the frozen chickens she was there grabbing a couple and they stood so near he actually prayed to the witch...

number nine munber nine she responded with the number forty eight -

later realized that the mask gives one a type of isolation wherein if one can hold on pretense and posers drop out like inner city high school kids before graduation and one is left momentairly feeling like one's self or perhaps it was only him and his fueld up by research affection for miss goo avower...

Hard to say - in the the dream they spoke, something about her past, a new agreement, and the haunting request to send her two kopeks...

in ohter words a fraction of a cent...scent...what could it mean...he pondered and pounded through various codes like english secret agent attempting to play german games...

hesse the finance minister found dead - total war railroad tracks - 

thomas, elsa in a pretzle out for almond milk panicked let me shoe you some of my shoes but all he saw was the teenager still visible in her eyes as if swedes had found a way to stop time...

all the talk of angels yet she is a real heavenly being...

bouncing from the scenes, he gazed at the tents adorning central park and now there was no doubt bill had been let in to handle the eastern section -

kopeks...possibly brooke, at turns both brunetter and blonder...

yet miss goo avower, had mentioned wanting two dogs although he could not see how they could help with art history or interior design...

areas of study, he counted the money, joked, are you also working as a doctor after you make these drops the messenger laughed yeah it looks like we are all doctors...he signed and sighed...

meanwhile the mayor of los angeles became building manager for rent payments as camilla demanded to see her price - it was a close call and they had to release the price from isolation to avoid scandal...

the hurry to clean and clear any traces of hanky panky took a team of dedicated and trained professionals  now remember price always with the face turned down and that half squint eye droop so she won't suspect...

it had to be as awkward as andi pleading with the writer well what about the hindus in michigan...oh to be young and full of love hope charity, he ran away like charles bukowski and began to dig...

some situations even he could not face while expecting at any time little teeny bopper girls dripping ice cream to sneak peak into his hole...

When it comes to the individual, preparations need to be in place so this running around like chicken beheaded will not break the agent's self confidence...

Practice makes perfect but damn there were a lot of caste system creatures, here in england he  studied the video tapes of the elite members with their trick of accessing only a specific portion of accent in order to impress as the onlooker lifts eyebrows say that is fine english for a hindu...of course, they could dispose of the accent but it served them well -

As the axed jew died someone celebrated and it made him ponder but it was only another jew attempting to balance the origin of his investigation against the hehe heebs for it was exactly that sensation during palestine massacre that led him to question his role in the mossad...

no reference to the goddess kate a rolling stone gathers no mo'...

ss down to the numbers calculated sure the sign off with HH led to code break but it took the english a while to count if the story is accurate...

he doesnt like london, even for all the history and the tate yet he adores his wife and she wants to be here at least for a while longer until our trip to manhattan comes around...

too many arabs and other immigrants, it gives the whole joint a lack of balance which the liberals seem to enjoy for within that chaos the conservatives suffer...

imagine you work hard at school and graduate at great expense to only find low wage jobs then join the thirty year olds still at home club...

There was a silence, an unusual silence that seemed to spring from the democrats which at that point had pinned their hopes on the less angry and ironically more touchy feel candidate who possibly had tried to set the trip wire at the door of the white house, now we'll get him but they realized even as a few children disappeared and washed up dead that the olden ways were not golden no more furthermore all the white house had to do was roll up the windows and declare an extension even beyond the usual eight year period, period.

Some people have pointed out a hieroglygh in the shape of a helicopter but right near it surely it is a submarine...

Under the waves, far from worry, even far from that long ago April early silence with the same coronay virus playing corny where he even tried paying with a carn of yeller coin and steely dan's hey nine tea cups all to have to hold and juggle as it seemed monogamy took practice -

He was pleased at not falling into temptation for legs or tits or no one else and yet that feeling of needing to escape was strangling him as if in competition with inertia - some sort of ping pong emotion that he could not shake even if he could by then see the finish line with her...

one of the control stations sent out the pump talk transmission which arrived like some sort of invisible pony express -

you have prepared for this mission over and over again for years now so that these months should not pressure you in the slightest, we have come a long ass way for you to act like some sort of recruit turning for cover at the mention of one hindu in michigan sure sure i get it he had that nicely curved beard like the other boy the kalaj sisters like so much but he ain't him no real estate deals there and even if there was , what , you want to miss out on opening that pizza hut in calcutta come on where is your back bone your dedication to purpose - consistency - it may feel cruel but one single solitary head left on any of those necks will start the whole ball game all over again adam even eve and then you know what happens fucking bollywood fuck that not even the worst cable stations carry that channel no look think of it as salvation for whomever you like can't you see it is all stopped that old ticking nothing this time next year all over and thanks to who them no us yes you i don;t wanna sound like sexybeast but imagine your daughter brings home one for dinner dude be the kali become the kali don't let it get to you besides there is great danger in exceptions make an exception and well look at the state of isreal remember those were children innocent children this is nothing what india what pakistan who is going to complain? forget about it, it;s for the future and in the future this will mean you will have a voice in who gets it next maybe those spics you are always on about now that you see how they treated you and all those dead women still dying or yes i know you want it, we need it but the corporations can't get it together yet but imagine this goes down then africa hell we might actually be able to save the elephants who knows repopulate the rhino hey you think about that!

kill the humans, save the animals - it got him going nearly as much as the longing thought of his wedding to miss goo avower -

A dream, but weren't life itself nothing more?

Still, upon that cruellest month it all seemed so far away that he nearly wept between his fear of patrol people and the inherent loneliness to be found standing lonesome at a distance in a winding crowd line of waiting and knowing he was all alone breathing into a  mask that held no promise of companionship as those that sauntered outside the expectation of purchase slid by with curious disdain for even themselves.   

At some point, he turned to himself with poetry and re-painted the looming line, only kung and i have walked the forty miles.



chapter 37

marie...he had gone to holland, holding a dream of little tits, still too quick to jot not so much hot...

heavenly devilish ia the vg well why not another vow -

now that ms goo avower seemed entirely removed from his imagination...

imagine one picture sending him straight through a thousand hearts mindless of reminders or remainders...

was she the vaulted beau ideal...

not eye deal pronounced three syllables edee-ahl...

what love was all love true love soul mates never die...

an old bag pushing thirty but still his sweetheart muse he paused so many times that something within wiggled and exploded...

the desire reminding him of how he first started truly to detest certain family members rememembers the mux mix up lux seemingly picked up by others lije racing baton still distracting...

he gave way, he had to save any sense of honor or hope, then trained his thoughts to look the other way from all those women girls and even now when he recalls one of them it is like some surprise from somebody elses life  not that it protected or enriched any of them...

himself lucifer jumping out of those memories to spite the thieves of time disguised in proximity...

down into the still drifting now freefall except this time he dreamt of her all through the night...

he felt her as if again regained part of himself...

idea run at arm soul firing at itself...

taxing the page turning camp fire vampire against this love, this love part of immortality...

things he cannot tell her wouldnt know how to begin or end a chapter more convoluted than thirty six...

yes the old bag was to him one of yhe most beautiful visions he could have conjured...

all the emotions not to mention sperm overload, the partner steps in with radio interview -

thank you miami blue alec but how can you not have enough pull to pill the questoon or at least ask it without requiring response a rhetorical turn and onward...

he cannot defend his partner it is how the whole thing came crashing down that quip over the disgraced producer not being so bad taken out of context in soundbyte hell, it is also exactly how the associated rumor press label sticks pergaps you cannot defend anyone no more...

fingers chopped off flashback indeed nobody kisses us...

daniel refuses to stand up for jk, even...so

he dislukes the caricature classification,

the trans-formative wounds those white hating words kneeling or knot...

stomach gut was it the witch all along in a mask he did anagram ask...

time zone impaired yet bath in same time...

side kick sensation what is symbol or sign and what is wishfill thinking...

gentlemen genet If we behave like those on the other side, then we are the other side. Instead of changing the world, all well achieve is a reflection of the one we want to destroy...

still, everyone is compelled to make a statement,

drew the flag watched rick and morty his wife headline...

did she did they, we are the...no way...

memory of last recorded track plays back...

as if it werent his, a far away thing like horse track racing results voodoo zip...

stop looking at my dick...

under the well known names there comes

 hierarchy circle one angels that used tobe the Seraphim,the CherubimandThrones as in royalty...

example Seir-sometimed Seire, Seere, or Sear- Prince of Hell with six and twenty legions of lesser demons under his control. indifferent to the nature of evil he is able to visit any location and is depicted riding a winged horse...as if the irony of having kept his angelic side is reflected upon his carriage...

certain texts list seventy or so now imagine the n7mbers...since each has his own squadron...

in some tomes the major dude devils are mentioned by their counterparts like berith as opposed to saint barnabas...feast day 11 june...eerily near to actual date of writing ...

hunger turns, he feels autumn smile in conquest although shared by at least a dozen...

how many wives, lonely wives, cinematic news arrives mantra black lives matter yet the sperm all white so white he cannot leave - it is hotel california , all these years to only now recognize the voice...

her tits are not like the dream, or as vein as isabel and she is taller than the rest...(

hindus decide the way to avert geno oh don't say dont jinx it decide geno distruction is to stick cell phone charger into urethralmeatus,

one is caught, questioned, put into jail alongside the pigeon. ) digress, dress, dive into current waves...

of course, he would give it all to marie but that choice needs to be made after he is free of afirenentioned relative pergaps plural gaap was his first inclinario select to here type but only a duke if memory serves not a prince...

sonya and the hotness mirrored line like esp as aleksandra pink sky showed after a couple of hopefully rest filled days...

see here travel, he thought train yet it was clouds...for a too much minute stuck on a political poster in the street...

like a remembrance attempting to overthrow the present...

hoses banned in ireland...he had not seen roses in so long that when isabel caressed with curved lips it was rather a thrill...

of course the music video disturbed him, but flowers and their petals made him still.

marie especially just like normal people line it doesnt feel like this with others...indeed.



chapter 38

women in tight pants climbing a pole...

notes at 38 yet he counts 42 chapters, note 34 and 35 were not...

skipped from 33 to 36, reason not in memo or memory...

mind...find in drama dream the witchs bed, his own it seemz perhaps larger all white...the dog all black speaks as if a hoodlum, the thug jealous...she spills him on herself he awakez still in the dream to feel the wetness then again to find himself in his usual space...the ejaculation maybe her wink of control...

if you think marie was love, ha...

music magazine 1960s asian greyscale grainy women he looks through knowing these too have been corrupted by mix up...

nothing he cab can do...

call away, mr pickles did not pull no punch...

he agreex it was a mafia of the worst sort...

the road to hell in good intentions texas girl tries to save a squirel it jumps on her face everyone giggles except him seeing the paradox...

socks and sex strangers attempting the rainbow coallition edition he cannot read that book...

note keep the slavery proposition on the back burner...for now...

our day will come we will over columbia, you fool...

barnard...

and back to holland holla back strange pants first encounterex with lily last seen playing nazi against jewish bagels maybe she finally agrees all this too greasy...

ia the vg introduces him to eeline a replica and he does his best to distinguish between them but it is obvious they could have him at their mercy...

he decides to double check the situation but it is only worse in definition...

obviously if one girl can turn into two imagine what a group could accomplish...

your agenda is booked solid for the next five years...well, it worked too well...right away, the blemish now beaming skin healthy...

he rails im not the cream that is clapton and his ship is going down any day now, get me outta this...

lawyers guns money...

it was nearing eight of morning, everything seemed so far away distant...

ms goo avower exploring london as if no virus outbreak had exploded he worried, things were going back to backwards...

gone with the wind gone for racism, he counted this might never stop from godfather they are animals anyway to pulp fiction dead nigger storage...

ghandi of course was immune, the hindus had sacraficed many women in order to keep his good name from being slaughtered...

roundtree thursday the grovesner...

it would be like calling ben bugsy at a meeting...

never happened...

what is that happening city, no, no, not that one it was actuslly syria...they said women in tight pants climbing poles...

as in college girls interracial porn well not so much..

never have i ever - 

electric company workers from the shortages caused by conflict nobody cares about because only one thing can matter mister...

meanwhile the extremist elite are preparing the kids, fuck your mother in the ass turn her around and put it in her mouth until allah is pleased now cut off the arm of your little brother and stack it with the other amputations...

new age politically correct vegan love and equality livestream wont stand a crickets chance in a room full of lizards...

not that suicide bombers ever leave much room for chirping...

the feral kitten appeared hypnotized by a garden snake which slithered across the crossroads in the dark of evening and danced above it pawing and pretending nothing else in the world existed. both of them out of place, distracted and confused making eachother reenact the sequence in a faux dejavu turnaround which he glanced at from his balcony in the dead of night.

paragraph out of place

so, kerouac did not coin the title, ginsberg simply read from queer naked lust as naked lunch and jack corrected but william burroughs and much of literary history attribute it to the on the road scribe...

he could not sleep as the downstairs open the doors everytime he steps out tangled the fabric of reality...

the maid note saludo update anita or such they say she cannot walk or talk thus a man comes to move the large thing but they have said so many things including vertigo and alzheimers that he is reluctant to believe them...

up to the door and loud mousey talk...

how could it be...

the witch finds a feral cat and flaunts her sexuality...

with king leopold no less, well you had it coming, fourteen shes fourteen,

who knew, ia the vg grins now i got him where i want him...

finally asleep no dream as if the encounter with alicia haunted him...

nudity and desperation, another cashier from anoether place aha amother place...

bottles of what water sister he never dreams of her unless he is not himself...

awake two in the morning

...

lauren had reminded him of some hack or perhaps she was pointing out too many characters...

daniella imposing emma...

earthy pancakes there was something about that picture...

read back 36, half an hour, it didnt weigh as much as he feared even if below average...

what is this book...a look...these glances yet to be edited...

the lunch took years and many turns not that he is aiming for similarity...

as example of manuscript and manuscript preparation...

olympia edition "the" and then grove press addition standard until the restored text...

strange feeling to have spent so much time right where they all walked and breathed...

upper west side he wanted to underline that the anti blonde writings were not attemps to hide while defending marie and lux co, but rather geniune inspiration alyssa possubly also fourteen then...

so no one will infer or define her as inferior...or lesser muse...

one thing had nothing to do with another thing...

since taking posture stance, a note on racism mentioned here and there perhaps, but as it pertains to him-

although positively filled with bias from his first thinking months, he proved not to hold on to that type of judgement just like he continues to prove not to embrace a grudge or arguments - however when he points out the united states of racism or anything of the like well think about it no where else do niggers or spics or any others have it as good despite any points to the contrary, some of them superstars or stupid stars if you must...

and yet the battle the blunder and the bloated corpse of civil rights marches on as mister hop wonders where did it go...

but back to subject, he was pushed shoved into that position and years later as he attempted to disregard differences well wouldnt you know it was taken like a free for all in much the manner that an apolitical selfish mob ransacks a store for nike sneakers...

strange how those unarmed post offices are spared not to descend as low as welfare facilities all safe and sound all around...

once upon a time, a criminal was turned into a pair of shoes and christopher columbus is now an outlaw not an avant garde explorer...

seeing the outcome of acceptance, and how wise it was for an admired thinker to disavow womens right in turn granting them more equality he tuned his instruments to play against the strange strangling sensation which seeks to bull bully and then bounce some more...

furthermore, the demise destruction of large segments population are or will be necessary, perhaps it has always been so...as for slavery well if it isnt obvious to you, then you are not looking at the basic facts, as in working for a so called minimum wage is actually aha -

we could avoid these corners with cryptocurrency well at least the second part but it does nothing for the the first thirst of space indeed stations in mars venus et cetera yet that would take miracle...

eden is still here but wont be much longer if the crowds continue to swell...

imagine a car, enough room for a handful, and a couple more and well, are we there yet...

flesh pressed against press like twenty two minutes of ads in an hour show...

how many...and how many is too many...

sky scrapers and high rises only end in drought for the water that would have returned to nature is by extension diverted to drains...

he wanted the dark continent as an open space for wildlufe, but given the boo hoo oh poor them we are so privilaged actors improvising without a script and fake politicians posing as saints and saviours well then the highendoo hindu hi and you leather shoe holy cow pakistan would cheer and china could move right in for control...

control versus chaos get smart lets start in with the finishing chapters of red white and you with some safety and space...

this aint rock and roll, he ponders placing his bet on belfast as his future resting place.

of course how does one really know one is not already dead? 

or will any of this matter at all given pollution nuclear waste even in outer space and the dying oceans...

humanity is screwed and portions of it seem to think that a fascist stance forcing impossible equality is the solution...

a tet offensive in their new vietnam...

he wonders to what extent he is overreacting, let us see if we can fit twelve people in a ford mustang...

given the blubber available from fast food junkies and starving vegans it prolly wont work...

perhaps at most nine if they use most of themselves as seats...

undeniable points in favor of slavery or minimum wage labor if the word makes you squirm, the pyramids and other ancient construction sites, the bible where it was common and even jesus had not a bad word on the subject, the war effort even now isis captives serve to satisfy those warlords...

that should cover several many sections of doubt...

now then in one scenario mass graves could be carved out for the self same diggers - once done a "vacation" with exterminating drugs in order to have the second group bury the first with the pretext of not allowing some new strange strain of virus yet defined spread and so on and so forth...

but no let us waltz around the impending doom while some topple statues and others protect them...

get your city statue map, step right up...

people look to pee on debatable monuments as billboard breaks out a new chart 

anti urban contemporary movement lights

a top ten list of the most active celebrity activists...

sg spends weeks at the top having turned over her social media to strange men...

the agent argues with posdible copycats that it would look like some weird form of plagiarism,

they sigh, collectively...

the agent promises facts and figures as well as numbers and names for them to post...

even the witch tells a beheading story...

he gasped with a grin...

is it to incite anger anguish or mob mentality...

boko h wipes out a snitch village nobody blinks an elephant eats explosives but it is not a "thing"

intermission, the fact as he has learned over and over again is that many more than a few celebrities are extremely nice, well meaning, and willing to go the extra mile for certain causes example liz taylor yes perhaps not the blueprint for the rest yet a glowing example of compassion - that is to say some of them truly intend to make  the world a better place and are not in it to save their own skin in the public eye of course others obviously are going through the motions or worse trying to gain the good opinion of the crowd...they forget the crowd is crazy a hurry over to the next craze hoi polloi who cares about history?

still, the so called stars rush to an imaginary starting gate...

sometimes it seems like a race perhaps the wrong word to employ but yes a desperate reaching for the visible impression impact which will what make heads nod in silent yesses or force the dormant criminal elements in otherwise middle class comforts to say hell yeah it is our time to lynch -

of course these tables as the justice system betrays have already been turned...

if memory serves howard hughes lived through one such war and it marked him thereafter in negative terms against what were then termed negroes...or so it seemed to him...as the dreaded word backlash gargled in the mouth of many already fed up with affirmative action and holier than thou hollywood...

he proposes a game show with death penalty:

the daily black holocaust squares...

no not only niggers, spics or even lebanese can be in the category...

but how, we give them a spotlight eternal national tv and they can choose electric chair hanging lethal injection or even vehicular manslaughter...

we are not dictators...

look here autumn graduated  it was the best part of his day...

she posted a gown with a lit cigar, like a boss.

he celebrated the occasion by not only liking the picture but also many of the comments...

link in bio is not actually...link in html is more like it...

oh to get away from butchering the world and back to poetry...

it is there, he has felt it - with every thought of her a line or start...

digress with callback, obviously he caint figure out how that could happen in heaven ie rebellion by the beau-ideal angel yet in a similar conundrum what sense would it make to petition a demon in place of common prayer...

sure the anxious types yet the position stands on its own, no?

a dosturbance in the force field uneven sky,

he awoke with the name paimon resounding...

not expecting guests, he tried to fix similarities, pay moan et al...

he recalled fictional horse pie oh my...

he pondered wothout resolution as clapton wondered who else he could kill to escape the grasp of odd ailments it had been some years since bruce but bakers death did not offer the same extension...

two thirds of cream ready gone...

aha like his testicle fluid that long hot day...

there was a guest the witch calmly telling him she had not cheated merely selected one of her many boy vessels to carry his speed seed into her...

pain moi, prolly a french fry...

he sighed without the collective exhaling...

is that what it is? what it was...

he did not doubt it but by jings what a gyp oh waot is that racist...

quick play some gypsy kings...oh oh oh volare.

reports were out before he awoke, william steele sessions dead not known to dress in drag officially the transgender battle was rising - someone had it seemed to him placed a wager...over what and how much was not certain, not to him - but the much talked about bachelor from the once cool abc had cast a covid he means mean kobe lookalike as the lead...

give the widow something to stroke to in the evenings...

with americans and especially american intelligence one could not be certain of the plan..

it was a usual bait and switch move by now to plant a similar face in a viewable space...

he will be so loved, everyone will be getting bryant spasms...

she will either shoot the tv or run down to mexico for a hot taco orgy...

sometimes something has to give -

is your vibrator depressing you? tired of having to hold it with your hands? come to red lion inns where our beds feature multiple satisfaction devices mounted right in the middle of each mattress...

birds chirp, he dreamt downloading a set of images, very post modern internet scene sort of like his adobe air to deploy once upon a time website for off line viewing...

the pictures in a blur then some sort of flashback into true blood...

he had cut his left hand middle finger on a shard of mirror, damned ikea was still getting kicks in on the sly...

the dutch girl erased all thoughts of sam merlotte and his concern over daughters and lovers and then as the semen started to speak autumn smiled for she knew also that he could not be certain if it was ia the vg or eline or even the poodle...

meanwhile lizzy made him look at sushi as if to say it is not all about tofu...

later, he reflected, cold fish...had she seen it, unsure of how the day would turn out he typed his scene and as he did shaved fish came to mind which was a record with interesting art...

lennon once mentioned he had the self same feeling with yoko as he had had with paul...

in one video he put placed several people one of them miles davis, it seemed to him the seed that led on that awful day in december...

nobody might told  might me agree, yet the jazzy cat was shot ten years right before that song was recorded 79, 69, making in his view the retroactive mix up more than possible...

he needs to fact check the dates on this theory...

***the video was pulled from the imagine film(recordex 71, released december 72) note lennon shot 80 chapman tried senteced jailed 81 and went on a 26 day fast in 82...he has had ten parole reviews the eleventh due in august of 2020...

he wants to write a premonition but there was too much yelling and some noise in the hours before he finally regained himself to settle into sleep, yet he senses something is about to happen, to give...

hopefully, it wil be nothing more than love yet he would settle for music.

what was playing then, 2010, airplane crashes and a couple of volcanos as mailer and i finished off jd salinger...

peter steele to - rap music is bad poetry by folks that cannot sing he forgot to mention in sone cases play an instrument -william steele sessions...

hmm...well, part of that song plays on a ufo sighting of one night at nine in the evening on friday 23 august 1974...

note only officially  released in 1984...

the data swirls he shits showers shaves...

something is there but his instinct is clouded...

perhaps he should only be expecting rain.

he was not expecting a master class in show do not tell yet there it was in misbehaviour...

double k, prolly his favorite movie london boulevard for that shopping sequence...

it was sunday, yemen rising in social media, the burned downed wendys hushed perhaps because you can only revolution so much before pausing to fill in the blank, imaginary arguments swirled to his surprise as if anxious for release, and then there was hannah arendt...

nazi whore read the note, she had only pointed out the judenrat aspect while revealing eichmann to be a mediocre man following orders...

he breathed deeply knowing the jews were ahead of him with deportation news already in place before he awoke...

but it is like she said, you spent this mob money on four plane tickets just to get a girl nessage...

something is true and they cannot face that fact...

of course, looking at the display of wounds at the trial of one man as if he were the entire reich sums up the dillusion...

or yes you have a point but dont deny it is a dictatorship sailing right over drowning palestines...

in later waves lauren wore camouflage yet thr imaginary arguments pressed on in spirit as if drama itself was determined to present conflict...

plastic dream, back in triple k the narrow kitchon an english style pack of smokes, possibly labeled ammon in silver letters...

six in the morning - he is her and although some thought it was coyote it turned out to be here this tome work in progress...

she would have loved all this thinking thought speaking speak to me spic in your spicorama...

oh yes ps, they have this saying hijo de pai y mai perhaps a disguised even to themselves invocation of that fallen angel sure not as popular as hijo de puta yet possibly worth the note...

as is film quote the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist...

some ideas arrive so timely it is tempting to categorize them as proof...

he sure could deposit a theory downgrading the religious to miss-use the word story or stories and yet there is that awful slippery proof not to mention his own upbringing...

a question of perhaps equal weight in the worry of right and wrong, why isnt rory gallagher a real rock star...

all the makings and a good enough voice...

hmm he looked wow sound yeah but a bit too much somehow as if preprogrammed and then the similarity to jimmy page well led zep was well ahead you would say song writing like billy squire briefly learned but he could also not be zeppellin...

highlander only one...all this made him feel pretty excellent over his casual attitude over practice and playing he knew it before top priority you could have it all and yet be overlooked, sure he too was somewhat overlooked but it was a different time and certain songs would rock even if not listened to...

he listened to bowie and it stayed with him a while as autumn had earlier that day...

certain songs simply kept getting better with time...

he traded stocks and prepared to watch double k in anna karenina as an american with several citizenship credentials was sentenced for spying in russia...

idaho or jordan that dream...these tears weighing the answer before the question eighteen months is all one of the killers will get given his age, rage still he reminds himself technically a child...yet to have to repeat it anywhere especially to someone that loved her, one of them got near two years detention, is like sticking another knife at her side.



chapter 39



dog eating baby

no longer a handsome hound

symptoms of a no knock warrant

fourniere's gangrene penis

one news item over the line

yet is it self injected or administered

left harlot's ghost at gonohrrea

statues later attacked

herself skin and bone

seasoned meat in freezer

parisians pointing to a dead zone episode

narrowing pain to neighbor or uncle anagram

she knew intimate heidegger and quoted kant

imagine intellect before cable television coup

the state a sickness if one speaks

everyday a stage is pulled out

no director or prop visible seen

every night death in a shout

no ear to listen  be you slave or queen

bijou beaujolais blow job belarus

flash drive spy blues

rory gallagher no muse

a comic went by that name those shoes

no don rickles you understand

something other or else to command

commended we recommended a hand

after summer the touch of autumn

ought haute so hot ninety farenheit sum

degree in biting master lips hum

we only used to fear blindness

in the so called good ol days of mess

hall capone door ness

catholic church box confess

glove spar of prayers unsaid

in strange hats  the demon bed

blackstar warning twenty six teen

took us three years in between

bowie the great i am 

cannot take a bow or jam

damn



chapter 39.2

rifle dream, a crowd, he had one too...

know exactly how to use the thing too...

a strange transmission...the kind that interrupts itself waking and then proceeds to continue at return dream like a ticket that needs to be punched in...

yet all too swift, streaming by speed of rapid eye movement a couple days later only recall mick jagger being carried out...

the scene in near flashback at the sight of doom and gloom video...

dream last night zombie plane drunk insane swamp dance...

years ago in the ageless hotel he is waiting on a friend the corpse bones of decomposed cat littered the hallway and so he calls him a pal...

one good turn deserving always loyalty...

leaves the hot day with a lot on his mind fluff interview...

he is more into ice cream than trying to figure out what they mean...

two films one worse than the other -

still, they add to the list...

his partner mentioned ninety percent of them are a scam...

now to figure the ten...

how and when, then ms goo avower returned with all the usual desire yet it has become like dylan and that uneasy trust...

is the relationship in rust or what to make of anna frank indiana jones and the stones...

exactly...well lily said a child asked her for nudes then the witch actually posted nudes...

obviously growing a tail, or wanting to her back side is sorcery and can only fart magic...

adapted from german, ahem, no happy farts from sad asses...

ass milk true story...he works overtime on the marmalade...

people are discovering nigeria as if they could stop that little genocide...

negro in dream a pair of them on the stair case air of masturbation they are touching themselves he steps aside awakes amazed at the weirdness at the same oclock as yesterday...someone playing a practical yolk, 

el hombre invisible said i dont like those faces , seemingly he could see them...

death dwarf defines travel flesh...

unusual...he wonders if dark people dream more in the sunlight scenes...hard to make out in low light...

prolly so, memory villain film LF wanking at the peep coin peek show -

FL hotel opening, thermal camera temerature, reporter in yellow fringe dress...workers appear like prisoners...

a girl in spandex shorts and tee walks a dog wearing one of those face masks her not the hound...

recalls the pup but not the woman...

whisper of admired secret he does not pour pen over...

he smiles yet it is the last four digits that touches his hand - he returns with irony in a liquid sanitizer and receipt...

the love is gone, yet curiosity remains...

kristen cast as diana felt as if a message...

meaning if that james joyce statue standing in italy means...

what what does it mean sideways on a bridge next to above water boats...

some few gathered to protect beloved statues because you can see yourself in them why folks bring cigarettes to gardel or glasses to lennon in south america...

of course seeing the it takes one to know one might be the real reason some are toppled.

poet attacked in dreams reads national enquirer headline what world war three why we can kill twenty hindus in a day without missing our rice the chinese smirk...

borders, autumn pressed down on his desire such weight such wait...

wait, arnolds muse complains, sure eye sold sugar cocaine but my daughter sucks state trooper cock now why not thank me for this service, the mini bar mistake, they said mini died not many...

editor we will run with many amp up the body count...

the long pizza day cant figure out the first time he had a pie...

there was pain as he left ms goo avower but it was physical not spiritual...

manhunt in belfast, nothing has been the same since that godforsaken ride is the thing...

as oppised to ham let not the play yet perhaps it is part of the play...

the day as long as driving over unpaved roads...

how is it that it takes extremes to notice...streams the movie still feeling her failing to understand inderstand einderstand

so is back to multiple orgasm honeymoon well no he wont be treated like that they have vibrators for that sort of thing...

deletes the picture praise, removes the app...

wonders about n26 gets an account calls on hold one hour divided by several calls, then if course they are democrats or at clinging to the pretense...no way to have this weird name card numbered telephone many sixes...

taxi bus laxative how many folks can shit on yemen at the same time now fashionable meanwhile it has been years...

news from twenty fifteen fiction returns for a birds eye view...

there is a drowsy flutter surrounding him..

he has to wait for two more verdicts and some time before he can see how the deconstruction will conclude but how he wishes it were with her...

well, one her to be exact not this or that...

perhaps he is yet doubts suspicion proves more or too much to carry...

having lost his man card in the tofu incident lizxies old man took off his shirt and sailed the waves but once you have that taste there is no going back a point of no return m8ght as well go to sugartaco where the perks are impossible if you happen to work behind the counter and order those never fill up anyone vegan dishes...

dateline flint michigan ass hanging out of pants darkie overhears white boy at macys its just some niggers, n word permission to jump jive and wail now law daca caca beating the shit outta ye yelling dont touch me same word but as a poc i can until stopped by the cop...

cooperate or else, sure seems like he is trapped in the time period exclamation mark echo news the needs of others far from entertaining sure yet if only a few paragraphs are good enough to manuscript well it might yet make a couple of books...

fantasy double worry... all right maybe three books given chapter 36...

it is late across the ocean and the next day beyond those shores...

they drool over data tidbits stolen in mom or moments of distraction...

based on false perceptions in the intention of reflecting an intrusion at privacy in the phrase reality television...

yet as the dead man sang, i don't have a gun memoria you see caused mistakes far miles away from his knowledge coming as you are to pen but never were in the pencil distance.

palm.

pretty other hercules in dream like an old pal 1920s maybe ten hes me pal...what a smile yet as silly moreover than you would have expected have you see the piggies pig man pygmalion no mail a banquet suddenly with the old bag she is chewing meat and everything else on the table as if roman emperor time we saunter down to fried chicken she bites says no i dont like that and from the look if it without taste i agree then start awaking...

murder he says and my names marie...

lost in the day a day lost first worried in thought that he was thinking chloe then over her bad luck with co workers well first the i wanna be black rimmed glasses perfume script then the i like the anagram of my name game with tv girlfriend reportedly...

not to mention a live book face look...

love knows no limit...like a counter spy...

finally the lyric to simmer wind ahem summer...

simply could not listen, he is not there nobody home...

a no brainer brian pin dick its my bed...

seethe and sweat through the sad farce and hose water delivery loud voice sharp women maids...

darfur and all the dandruff gone from yemen scalps after the most intense bombing as if smirking at social media what lives matter the master needs lives...

living for his books he again attempted to natrow the spaces, but leaving notes on twitter is far from safe...he figured no one given the low level activity would intrude but rude will have its way...

from several manuscripts therein of 2017 through then present 2020, one "skipped" from pg 66 to 99 _ the film script adaptation, and it seemed some early sections were gone, gaps from where? inkrealm twitter hacked???

why...indeed...what got him really wild was a centric eye design with collage which he considered good enough for a cover and the illustration of the book as screen with page turning as words type and pip plays out scenes perhaps in split screen...an innovation from the pioneer himself...

lastly, the quote from AN is without the adjacent presidents and shovel making it weird in an out of context what could this mean...

that not part of brim but playground if you will....

he thought to retweet anew the manuscript as he holds it unedited but the work involved would be more than a submission to publisher...

still, then how to explain this in the case of someone including publisher that the search gunction functionality is not all there or wacky or whatever...names home makes himself look unprofessional after all that work and dedication...

all that waiting, the great unmasking...

This was perhaps or arguably foreshadowed by abc when they interrupted a link thus making the annotation void in terms of corroboration...

take my word it was there aint scientific...

all summer long...it lingered there to touch your hair and walk with me...

perhaps all togethet it was too powerful for the posers to handle...

imposters...they want it a certain way, that is to say not there.

he decides to follow his first path and continue deleting everyhting not related to work at hand yet he has so much in between the recent addition and the trial notes stretching back to february seventeen...

a noise from the backyard makes him stand to understand what type of intrusion now stopped his writing thought...

rattle of lick lock and key...oh the memories of next door under my thumb battle same name moved out replaced with fat ass elida dada mada hadda be the hurry up porch living control...

you dont want to know and more importantly i dont want to tell

or show.

dont let them see us dont tell them what we are doing...cowards cannot face your own human dogs...

same word burroughs correction on the macys beat down it was unprovoked...

the new republic provokes him stone mountain and the president tries to party in massacre town to mixed results...

enthusiasm is waning...it seems, even from pence, am i part of the apprentice or only in the commercials same with putin but worse...

it might be the heat, he eats, peeks at that moscow scene from shadow recruit...

the fateful words no longet an analyst my boy you are opera tio nal ...

syracuse, not brooke but rachel he considers that double k is greater than he reckoned, seen that movie a couple of times without putting it together that it was her...

underrated actors and that magic...

not them the character so through and through that it is true...

contrary to these notes maybe where the balance is unbalanced by included outtakes and sketches...

hmm the blonde beyonce honorary everywoman replied to my chemical romance and she nearly had it but went into a drowning obscurity worse than the no bell voice of his genereration my partner insists erm growl not voice...

a matter of choice as hank flexed two skinny girls still champeen...

a close call but as far he read only he had put placed yemaya in poetic stanza before this damcing in five inch heels shiksa played it out for imaginary movement...

btw inly oy vey only one example of obs cure...

daishiki surly surely not the homo cuz...

all we need is african fashion instead of givenchy...

the oscars already booked it, she can present and sing, everybody boat i mean vote -

ten songs like a concert, it will be the best bull oscars yet ordinary beats now redux...

what if we wimbledon it...yeah yeah daishiki catering by a native american indian restaurant...

three of them in fifty states...

when we genocide there aint much left over not like the shit pants german might as well be the rabbis best friend...

dont say it dont jinx it aw lookit the doberman is barking...

the witch looks at her backside constantly before a photoshoot and presses down against any possible spontaneous growth during the session...

lily now entirely neo nazi enjoys great success and even abandons her pets for hours at a time...

heil the photographer whispers in secret knowing and she glows with the remnants of the writers seed and the ghosts of a great defeat that never surrendered.

sieg hail she inhales and exhales...

breathing is free, opening line of haunted story...

joyce's portrait eye...the joy after midnight...

autumn said how cute is my pure blood, he praphrases to segue from salute...

she is wearing of all things little knife necklace in under the chains...

he wants to write twenty different notes yet his own attention was involved in earlier missives he feels the miss...

always a mixup anyway why worry well as stereo stated before multiplicity and to be safe or as safe as that distance will allow...

a few ideas converge, crash, the parking lot victims downtown, a bruce my son fights fire springsteen song, himself setting flame on one eyed lous sit machine which turned out to be an enjoyable moment mabye because the mass was on with jesus the seducer impossible to resist guitar strum music so bad the lord would ask harps dont you have harps, one of the two coopers now sitting like elmore leonard apple instead of typewriter ad previously on capone, and wondering if or not to make further lizzy mention as she stood with miss coulton as if sensing the word play tulsa  con is mo...green, dammit...one thirty in the morning it was only a dream note...same thing happens when he pints an ice cream.

he dreams these packages two, one of them kept awake to hear that they is coming then later no it will be tomorrow...

mini moet eline takes forever, freed me feed me frida the wotch witch now in german mexican sayeth clash te quiero spanish bombs, but why does he think it a possible tail in his tale why not a fin do you know how much time i spend in the water bla bla she love the ocean not we done four already zep but the unzipped salt...all right it could be a fin...

finished with her photo shoot and still hypnotozed from awful music and cheap costume changes lily was nearly abducted by the dog on the street trick...

he wanted to scream these are snacks in parts of asia...

dont talk to strangers you will wind up back at sugartaco...

cat got your tounge...in a scramble the australians attempt to disrupt the chinese  by putin more of them on the tele...

of course some of these counter agents have been there years gee generations...

we want to help, oh there is no helping, he is by inclination apolitical and kind, i bet he wont go through with it...

dont say such things, we got both sides of the borders pressing in, a squeeze or two and india is a thing of the past...

does he or doesnt he want the england knighthood...

reports are that he bathed and got into clean clothes...

and as three were stabbed to death in reading park the i like the anagram of my name game with tv girlfriend dancing denied the claims of breaking in the teen for riding to abandon...

whatever else they might say, the writer felt now pretty decent over never having written no bitch for nudes not even detroit bitches...

reactions were mux flux mixed right there on his ten million insta ego gram...

the writer had no opinion of him before but catching a hint of his music now disliked him as much as the headless movement trying to silence any other opinion...

as if...yeah give them the big eraser and they will wipe out history only to continually repeat it...

lily marched with her cats in the apartment as german third reich marching music played...

then, pumped up, she averred, alexa play joseph goebbels sportpalastrede speech.

sun hazed through the los angeles late afternoon as night and men who planned to have their way with her approached.

he thought back to spielberg, big wig dga person, was he in that dream, was munich still good...dont fuck with the jews, he supposed it was for a side project...should have asked the question of root hatred for jewry...

reads the entire total war speech, the minister had gathered no crowd but cross section of germany even soldiers still bleeding fresh from the front limbs left behind point by point he poses the question...

eloquent articulate even throws in elance twice...

he never gets to understand the basis of anti semitism, but notices one cannot access the whole speech on youtube where near everything can be accessed...only excerpts and end parts as if to make him appear foaming at the mouth hysterical...

he wasnt yet the crowd was it seems some of them recalled the first world trench war and how much rent was charged after...

in contrast african americans some recognize certain truths, cassius clay mm - son said it plain, grandson of aunt jemima actress also, and new republic point blank the broken family vicious circle...

from another simplified angle, you tear down a george washington statue as in dollar bill or founder of country instead of leaving such a totalitarian state? where does it end, it dont it wont and a world view without anything but a mirror is so dumb as to be insulting to women and children actually suffering let us say another race horse in caracas stolen and stir fried to keep hunger from running all night should allow anyone to see the light.

to roundtable back to previous minister paragraph, they do it to themselves example ancient evenings in terms of free text is hardly available save for a handful of quotes whereas some works of equal length but subjects not wrapped in ancient egypt life magic slavery death reincarnation are readily available...

it is possibly why forest in the castle was panned and not allowed to trilogy itself extending the notion that the third reich was woven by the divine hands of demons...

no he is not trying to out distance his mentor and part time partner in crime...

he is not here also to define what part is humour or sarcasm feeling it should be self evident especially when punctuation is in place...

he is thinking, trying to think then link these ideas into an explosive manuscript under the title red white...

that night, he could not escape the rising temperature of the room. his neck feeling strangled by a balmy invisible heat. he did twist and turn, as kk made music of his visions...two in the morning, he weighed it must be dawn across the ocean then as if drowing in a picture those words wove through his reverie...kenzie's dislocated shoulder...he awoke concerned...it was dawn, he took another look, photo and caption replaced by a similar image she had switched he wondered if she had sensed his preoccupation...

drifting  back to sleep in sex sensual excitement he seemed to be with jella except pregnant dancing a jig on a  bed with soccer cleats the word harlot scribbled across tge white tee she wore...

awoke ahain again to shop and reshop as his items were returned elsewhere when he put placed them down to gather the rest...

everything added up except coffee yet coffee was coming along with vitamin pills and unexpected shoes...

how will the shoe demon feel about these...

the ones he wore around the house were chewed to bits from some unkown force...

an impossible truth...

did selah now the far horizen hold such power...

druid in atonement after her perfume ad...

how seductive? well, enough to promise her a song for the following year...

ice cream night after too much careless conversation...

he pictured vanilla and the stacked camphor...

then thesis, it is the way they want it ie enough folks consider you the oppressed victim and you are free to exterminate the neighbors...

this he can get a hold on, a grip not slippery...

it is also what was missing in the 30s 40s...allowed them to be blamed notice church and ibm and others all in for reich three...

combined with nosferatu frankenstein cinema world wide hypnosis...

yet pethaps also plain himan hyman human greed which feels like what the germans agreed on against them ahem avarice...

in his own he continues writing. 

he has formed the notion that kk likes him or at least tolerates his weirdness and for a while he is happier than he has been since recording songs earlier in the time frame.

prelude pearls translucent in semi lucid position of possible sperm as if mouth saliva drool makes droplets which disappear in the flood back sensation of desire in longing air heavy with forbidden scent.

much later he sees her pressed against books pouring out kisses and turns away to sigh partly in satisfaction and partly in celebration.

note, in the cool down evening, he looks over the obituary section, camp of the saints scribe passed away, usually he only notes the name for temporary possibilities, reflections, inheritance, defense, but this time he studies the synopsis of the plot...eerie...frightful...from there a look at the turner diaries, worse, it catches his eye already true: a crime for whites to defend themselves when attacked by non whites example now extending into agents of law enforcement...

these words may be too late, those last words of hassan i sabbah...

how wonderful it would be not to carry this weight yet all the while it gets additions annexes alcoves and attics...

construction is ongoing on either side and perhaps his talent and his typing only mirror that push and pull when not in the pretty practice of love's pleasure.



chapter 39.3

it felt like ninety degrees evrywhere...that night the dreams stumbled in that blurry frenzy...

a set of receipts out of location -

he awoke with thoughts of an actor that used to work on a series from the old days something called married with children...

he had been haunted by the previous day's talk and perhaps temperature taking walk...

a vague itch arose with him as his backside felt foreign to his touch...

how much...well he would later proceed to not enjoy the rest of atonement if anyone asked leave right after they leave the library and imagine some other plot...

the stillness of morning found him considering if he himself was growing a tail instead of a tale...

master and margarita, he told an unfortunate joke...

how many hells...the bells ringing...the lesson in class forearm tattoo which you will feel if you are the...

frida khalo the witch etched her arm and if the spirit sounded right that would make him her...

he can't even say it...

twin peaks fire walk with me and angel heart crash into each other in his imagination

he decides he is not

concerned with the proceedings or even the preeceding thump...

sumthing tho - and that choir sing song sighing maybe she isn't a witch at all only your very own...

how many hells, how does one even, he can't even...

father's day was only days before and then as if a final irony the chapter happens to be unplanned three nine point three...

that date her nine october ninety nine...

no, he will make to love her again just like she wants suddenly the dog howls and he opts to oppress the lust as a four point seven magnitude milk shake spills out parts of mexico...

sure the book needed a plot twist but this is ridiculous, it can't be and yet he thinks back quick to france as if directed you can't smoke here then cut to everyboy smoking in another room under a no smoking sign charles de gaulle smoke gulp ashes gallop...

he lights another in present time,  it would have been too late possibly nine months too late...

where were you on the night of the new year before that -

lost in a hallmark or lifetime movie about a letter and too much coffee in a flashback drug fueled daydream which may or may not be ongoing...

there are notes somewhere and of course the eventual manuscript...

jennifer uber alles but we are speaking of a woman down in indonesia...

he was too young and still too young and it's bali,

all right maybe but a perhaps so unlikely that he wonders how it got so well weird enough to seem or feel even as if fact...

ELO...hello, how to take care of business now? 

bundy it says there were two in popular culture the al of mention and the ted of trial...

isn't that it somewhere between a sick sitcom scene and a highly very serious case...

how jokes would it be if...

let us pretend we do not know as ignorance to bliss those kisses might yet remain nothing more than adoration.

at this point it might be easier to untagled his locks than go any lower into a drowning theory wherein daughter -

don't you see, it would only work in fiction and he is not that type of writer at least not by intention or desire...1

it has to be the witch being not only witchy yet also boss bitchy got his attention all day as she slept in newly tattooed slumber.

post script,

he looks over the locked chapter, he sees the missing emotion in ellipses and unwritten pauses...

knowing he can paint a better picture from a more inside inner angle...

yet he needs to let it stand as it came to him...

at least for a while...

the dog meat festival market open in china...

they look so cute some of them cooked like piglets...

a matter of upbringing or arguably need...

in the low level high rise, he watches the complicated title expecting to have a minute with say or see...halfway thru he decides it is her in a subdued performance she squeezed in between little women and ammonite...

he was not all there, and she was not at all...

sure he had seen her name in the promotion credits, a visual mix up...once upon a time stockholm pennsylvania which he missed...

he does not like the lack of balance...

like dreaming of being a guest in house of hated men...

certainty to some degree is key...

yet there is a thread jrunning or ruining these past couple of days...

the witch positions a fish video...

he is transported back to circa 2010, the girl asking him about over fishing on two different broadway streets...

he cannot concrrn himself with the ocean filled with the notion that the sea is fucked with all manner of man made waste...

a cold stance yet rational for emotion would not lead to action only tears...

hopefully, the folks in charge of those waters will step up and dance to the right song...

slowly as if in a trance he returns to himself of course not in time to save the nuclear power infused waves...

then browsing online notices it might have been the poster, he adores this one and prays hollywood has not turned to a cannabalistic factory chewing on its own stars...

he would rather sit through a dog reel , whatever happened to lassie?

of course nit not to cook, a thing like that gotta shave it he meant the golden retriever mivie,

ehat what is a mivie...it is what he types after two no dream days with sister husband on his trail tracking attacking...

mivie as in movie but more personal then dever is asked to fill in for kk at bookshelf...

an interview longer than all the post begin again sequences...

he had never seen so many liking the sing song of learnt scales in the shower...

peeling his banana he proceeded to monkey all night long...

memories of his long lost beard and the dislike of adam thankfully not recognized enough that fued with haze but some lines cannit be crossed not even in mivies...

our lady of amherst being the reference...

so hey she too a rock star...

there were monkey stories in the new yorker both of them he did not like that drawn out quasi magical realism except maybe in japan they sound poetic he imagines...

in celebrating earthy emma birth day he reads other emma pregnant...

was it all too much, daniella blix bloxs him from her insta god love...

he blames the macadamia sauce...how could she...

aha domino done downloading, with no dream impetus he dismounts from typing...

later that night in the gallop of no grace, dawn dream someone in his room, finds himself pleading do not enter, he does not wish to entertain, kick slams the door...removes several layers of wallpaper that were never there a vague memory of barton fink follows him as he awakes only minutes after going to sleep...he knows it is going to be another get up at noon day and momentarily considers staying awake, already lunch time in london, evening in asia,,,he sleeps but his mind cannot stop calculating...the stabbing in glasgow with a shot dead asylum seeker subsequently followed by the passing of milton glaser brings his anagram juices into overload spillover thirst as when one drinks too quickly and the edge of lip mouth becomes a streaming mechanism for the fluid that would wander away downward...

there is a malevolent darkness surrounding the weekend like when vultures converge to tax the corpse...

looking at the tired floor he sees proof of it in his shoes - not ever one to wear slippers he slides around the house in a pair of soft loafers now so mangled and broken that it would be impossible to believe some small animal did not attempt to munch on them...usually, in his experience shoes not worn beyond indoors will last a lifetime, but these are the second such pair to have this sort of paranormal deterioration...

suspicion however makes one no wiser...he considers documenting with a photgraph yet that would hold no substantiality in terms of evidence...simply a pair of torn up broken down loafers...

perhaps his toes are trying to escape...some jokes cannot be funny even if they want to be..

saturday. he needs to escape, but he cannot. 

it's not in his own self, himself...it is roadblocked by others which lead him to self doubt and worry like breaking news reflected as if to only introduce weather reports...

how hot is the blm, overcast and sometimes drizzle...in some quarters a sandwich yet he had gone some ways into palindromes and noted to no one in particular it's mlb backwards...

baseball the national past time...in which a home run allows the batter to run around the bases while the pitcher paces in wait perhaps with raised eyebrows...

three strikes or four balls, nine or ten players you know designated hitter, nine innings or extra...

what would be the opposite of those gloves and uniformed hats...

he cannot say...quickly considers the lonesome game of golf...

perhaps the contrary is not a game...space travel...

hmm, still the initials stand there weirdly as the whole movement disperses into seemingly world wide amnesia...

a social media blip, simply in the thousand year plans of the powerful...

back at headquarters the russians have sided with india, what do you mean he wants to abolish hindu restaurants? 

the double china packy borders are simmering...it might yet be a good summer...

hindu soldier opens russian armanent package, everybody knows afghanistan took so long because reading the instructions took years...aha now i understands, one nearly feels for these caste inflicted cow loving dirtbags as the box explodes killing an entire aquadron before they can go out marching...

that's it, baseball has rules, umpirse,,,the movement is anarchy and not even the good kind...it sure does sound intense as it adds to its own emptiness as if in deluded trance...

we need russian translators for these weapons!

say, what, what say oh say...wait, it gives celebrities a platform to demonstrate how much space they can use up to distract from their private lives, come on uts its perfect...

anarchy, it upset some and they held a meeting.

then in one fell swoop all the nigger and speak to me spic in your spicorama ganged up and gave their money away to the opposite of baseball...

nike shoes and fried chicken flooded the so called ghetto and a space program was implemented to get the darkies into mars or wherever...

one rapper even donated his cars and clothes...

it waz da turning point...

ah no, but isabel did get boots and posed in two bikinis...

that is to say if he takes too long to ejaculate, do the thing.

ubderstanding that the so called mock karen movement is simply an extension of the faux gay rights thrill cooked up by fake democrats for a full on farce democracy might help...

as in arguably Akhenaten to moses or monotheism...oh yet he cannot aten now as astaroth is telling him now hold on i for one was enjoying the duplicity and double dealing hell even you have to admit joe in his only candidate tank looks good after paying off the polls with bloomberg dollar bills...

sure, but how do you plan to keep him alive?

a man can only handle so many masks...

when insanity strikes sleepy china joe, the electricity injections combined with computerized bio rhythm stabilezer not to mention the drugs should hold him past november...

as for the writer, the lines between life and death had become blurry and it seemed to him some were in a hurry that he should oh vey drink a tall glass of shut the fuck up obey, but what good would he be to his readers then...

craft itself demanded his devotion, it was a devilish marriage wanting to celebrate several many anniversaries despite adversaries...

advertisements for himself, the thing is it only takes one line a mere sentence to prove it once and for all or even always...

yes, after five it is still six oclock.

(further notes)

word for word, the word for word as it was and will be is word...

what happens when a writer does not want to word for word or worse finds the previous manuscript brimming with a lack of balance...

that is to say, he wrote it on twitter and when he didn't we photographed the page to post as picture with other material thrown in...

some things seem missing but given the uneven nature of the search fuction on the thirty dollar a share website well who knows...

determined democrats swear that it weren't them...

it gets harder and harder to not be political...

then as if offended by the new words, avira vanished his passwords causing a preventive hiccup in his plan to swap at blockchain wallet...

striking an alfred e newmann pose he shrugs what me worry...

how to make matters worse, lily was only posing as the axis in a counter spy stance...

with her cover blown, she proceeded to depop herself as her cats became dangerously jumpy...

his bed felt lumpy but he did not bother with that - he shampooed the water and when he returned silvery worms pressed up against his flesh like some some sort of ghostly occurance...days later he was still pulling off these tiny shrivelled up snakes from his legs...

explanation begs yet there is none as when the bird all yellow in a buzz fluttered upon the balcony oblivious to him and he went to present a box in case it was a visitor...

well it weren't yet a day or more later he brushed his hex beaten shoe alongside what seemed to him a plastic bag yet it was the bird well too dark to say if that self same bird but a bird nonetheless and this one not willing to leave and again he presented the box which suddenly served in for makeshift nest...strange or weird, he could not say which...

meanwhile crawling in dreams it seems his mind calling to only answer with questions...

speak to me spic in spicorama game play, seriously he had re-viewed domino not liking it very much for the pace and certainly not expecting that scene...

nearly as bad as silk but one could understand everybody wanting to slow the pace to get back to practicing with ease...

as if a breeze the yelling resounded in memory and he toyed with it as he found himself making his way to where the shopping goods are monday except it was no longer everything that had happened instead it was as if nothing had transpired with guards in shadow motion and men intent on getting attention from him for what as the store failed to have this or that forcing him further to another store for more temperature and let us call you skeleton while we are at it move along now don't want to miss the open door pick up truck cops it is nearly election time...

like landmines against the wandering walk of imagination's fancy...

that day like too many others, dying down with the yelp he had partly imagined or foreseen upon waking...

it sort of makes one miss the good points, he can hardly remember why he was so happy that he wrote three women three notes all in a row...

some sort of luck or good fortune to be so in love all the time even when the times are getting translated into chaos...

we will avoid all this writer's business by banning tiktok said the hindu authorities prompting him to write a letter herein summarized since the chapter is going on ten thousand words...

dear hindu honcho henchmen, acroos the board people agree and the animals even more that the writer not only has a point but his plan might be imperative and so we write to remind you within the caste there is reincarnation which should resolve most of the concern and as of yet there is no plan in place to eliminate reincarnated indians, rejoice. sincerely, him.

subsequently he turned to his trusted team of shadowy suspicions and whispered nincompoops nobody has conjured a plan to weed out the possible returning hindu spirits...

we ain't ghost busters, they huff. you got us in to this well you get us out, they smirk.

he feels like the yellow sky walk finally finding a town except it might be a ghost town...

a visible tattoo which cannot be read...

sony bra true story first one eyed lou then sarandon in the rocky horror picture show...

if only elvis were here -

appliances have long been taking on a life of their own but they are getting downright intrusive...

still an easy vacation from the external noise rattle or even to avoid or void arguments...

problem is it seeps in through the surrounding and acts as if you had proposed marriage...

do you cable service provider take this viewer as your resource to have and to hold in streaming and commercial break for as long as you can empty out his mind of any other reality till unpaid bill do you part...

he had not viewed televised content in a couple of years and here it was acting as if they were entwined...

don henley sings dirty laundry, nobody talks of what is truly important only what seems fashionable one wonders why they are even such things as long range missiles when we are all so short sighted. 

the cia posts the picture of a knife that is eerily similar to a recollected donkey's dick in arizona where russian agent cavorts doing her darn best to defund the police...

sirens wail, someone says he is passionate about praying as he squirms awake to escape any other such talk -

although he truly enjoyed the apostle he is dead certain shouting is of no consequence to the ear of saint virgin jesus god or even self...

anyone yelling for attention is desperate on some playing field or in serious need of a new strategy...

yet what better way to fill and overflow a dumb mind numb from work and worry than with the bellowing out of some volume filled blast...

the debris of all the arguments and mind games stacked up against humanity now unbearable as pollution's waste towers even over drinking water which means yes even more plastic he cannot even finish the sentence all right all right the pack and chink sides point their bombs, it might be sooner than we expected... 

he greets the night as silent as possible, writes these words without weighing plot...

he is returning to salvage whatever he can of brim and therein decide how to settle that site that book and hopefully find the entrance to this one's conclusion hmm conclusions should that be plural as citizens of the earth world roam about as if prepped for operation surgical doctors or drug slicing dealers not wanting to get high on their merch and eyes ray banned or some such bannered glass behind which the view points.

he felt diminished by lack of speed and security as he typed these subtitled further notes and thinking he cant work write with astaroth until in the reading back realized how subtle the turns now seem as the exited demon giggles in the distance holding carl reiner by the back and disappearing in the space time throb which feels as if movement when or despite stillness as light itself turns to a negligible shade of itself for a second as if reality went replaced only to return again.



chapter forty

reading thru some selection sections, note not to use the word smirk herein counted at least three or four times...

tumes, fumes, a perfect day but they are coming leading to three hour distraction...

ia the vg laser shaved her legal legs and he dreamt in scenes so quick impossible to translate except that large flag unrolled before him in no less red and white...

locking doors and racing away from surroundings...which included a call seemingly to stop him some more...

then as if in brain transplant or evaporated thought remnant he tuned in to viena with fantomes...

liking her too much to actually evaluate yet knowing it was too dark or vague in places he ate and quckly avoided another head banging discussion...

evening by then with the impulse to jot what jew he had learnt by surprise the night before well morning...

it werent exact and it reminded him of himself yet it was near enough to let echo as it were through the page...

that potion coming soon...

as the stars stirred through the sky, he found a feather from what he now knew to be a raven that bird he mentioned breaded watered boxed none of which it wanted heard him when he wished for one...

he placed it in the western lands...

nearly feeling back to himself until telephone call of general trivialities and difference of opinion another hour of there are more places to live than here or there forexample the ample geography of other specifics...

then two hours later still trying to untangle from what should have been self evident long ago...

listens to song reads reviews and browses nothing in particular...

meanwhile the theory is that they are disliked for keeping to themselves, for not being part of the place or places in question which supposedly was fine even getting their own hours and courts here and there until some sort of more radical rabbination took place which accirding to this unscientific theory made folks not only burn their books but them as well...

now then yes reminded him of himself up to a point and that crossroads is the continuity with which it happens...a lot of artists keep to themselves by necessity or nature yet it has missy mostly been the witchcraft types burned at the stake...

still it is the nearest solution to a root cause...

others like intelligence or superiority in experince only lead to questions or actual contradiction...

of course, it could be something no one is saying...

for christians, later in history, it gets down to well they killed the christ...

at once marking a line in the sand and taking in a jew into their hearts home and the hereafter...

the other pope's brother died...

faith is a simple and yet multi layered fact in action and at rest...

some jews believe that ruling the world will give all the people a fair stance...

his research tells...yet he feels no need to flex a thought within that idea as one glance at palestine will betray...

of course, he wonders how much he is hated for keeping to himself but the answer is that it only seems to provoke more curiosity than would otherwise be expected...

might it all lead to his own holocaust...

fire has in fact visited with him twice who is to say a third is not in the works as we all know hollywood loves a sequel...

he narrows the aforementioned theory thusly it it is possible yes that self righteous and distant posture but only when combined with some other element of extremity...

that is to note muslims by themselves are even musical but under the wrong urging well back to kid fucking mothers butthole and chopping off sibling arm...

what is curious, unlike his experience, is that the jews encounter that haunted hall of hatred at every turn...

egypt, rome, babylon, brooklyn, germany you name it they did not want them...

further, as in poland, once decimated they are still a rarity...a mere few thousands in a country of millions or which war did you see saw...

well no one is willing to pinpoint the reason and he can only imagine it as portrayed...

theorized...

otherwise, is our bleeding need of slaves so greatly grand as to require them to always take that anti judaism or semitism phallus up the shivering rear of their unsuspecting behinds...

it seems so...

so, while he can only partly identify a cause while establishing an uneven connection to his own knowledge, he cannot see how it is continually sustained unless by agreed secret consensus of agencies and governments bent on an inflexible system...

which perhaps leaves the reader wondering is he a self hating quasi jew or is he a nazi ?

he would like to leave the response to the imagination as everything has become labeled to the poo point of extinction that being literal in cases of elephants and especially the rhino or blues music for that matter...this not to say either or but the ability to defend both sides even if the latter appeals more to his logic in terms of let us get to the point and period the paragraph.

lars said he wanted to be a jew but it didnt turn out that way...

then before racing away from the still distracting phone calls and attempted arguments he wants to underline that there is a need for diversity in terms of opinion and blindly turning away from one or the other nearly automatically strengthens that side.

what is the bible without devil or demons? 

ying yang he sang all the while knowing it would make his very song a work for a selected few or even a sort of preaching to converted convertible constant progressives with a conservative leaning...

six thousand abortions in ireland, just when we needed the church he undermines all religion as transported subtext...

is nothing sacred, no not when the mind is subject to no filter infiltration...

it is, obviously easier to paint the jew as the enemy yet that sort of simplicity should be beneath humanity's decency...

unless we are talking extermination...

ah the total war hotel to which he has checked in after elaborate explanations and there in his room he draws the new map of what used to be india.

40.1

forty years desert sands with these hands...

how did we miss this possible ecplanation;

not the heeb he says but the thirteen million

lawsuit given to twenty two women that had let it all go in porn they claimed deception coercion which is corroborated in several places...

he paces the argument, an excellent source of material...

like children calling each other grade school names...

to brevity some new zealand semen sacks made californication photo shoot san diego stories and he knows this from press,

former miss teen runner up et cetera...

to now hear some behind the scenes horror and the court ruling plus one still on the run...

he is not saying any of this matters, it is all prelude to introduce a gimmick and maybe even return full circle...

you see, or if not that sense, imagine these were reportedly the places;

Kimpton Palomar, Coronado Island Marriott, Hard Rock, Hilton Bayfront, and the La Valencia...

it jumps out right straight away; coronado for the pandemic or the sopranos...yes corrado but near enough besides there is pre or sequel in the works...

corona virus that mafia with face masking asking quarantine...

sex video filmed at the coronado island marriott hotel...*

heavy hot oh hot and heavy he means in terms of word play...a field day for his meanings...

covid or corona sprinkled either way and still room for nineteen...letter S if numeric anagram.

death words, yet what could they signify?

could there be a chinese connection...

wuhan in hubei ... hmm;  one in obey...

oh baby, can you feel the possibilities?

which one... province caint prove it...

i know you want it...here it comes, your nineteenth nervous anagram...

"covid odd death at earth riot too if immoral sex lens" from asterisked line above...

wild huh or weird or with that many letter number you could and yet it works to some distant logic under the waves...

it cannot be precise for him not knowing how to order the words in right form that is should the word room be included...is the even necessary...many question of no answers...

statistics will need to suffice...or go with gut feeling...

it is what he has done...beyond that it feels right even righteous...

apologies if you were expecting a sex scene romp to stomp at.

stamp mail suddenly ah the perks of being a writer perhaps a poet...

there is something here he cannot define yet cannot defy...

and if it is the root cause of cough drop senses gone dead well perhaps you will thank him later on down the road.

40.2

the easy version goes like this; as much as one or another may go in wanting to reveal fraud in religion which is actually pretty easy if one is so inclined: one cannot dismiss the determination of believers of belief or faith...

that is when the explosion detonates from what was once a suicide bombers vest and the limbs of humans and fractured pieces of the place litter the area well indeed allah is great you will hesitantly agree...

or when a child recognizes the possessions of his spirit's previous life and thus proves or at least provokes thought like the deja vu dream or experience the more intuitive of us have all felt like waking up from that endless fall well it requires near approval of reincarnation...

or when parts of the gentile crowd goes down expired dead at that critical holiday jews hold to be holy while the heebs wait it out alive to strive well aint that the lord at work...

ordain it now this you cannot argue with logic or science...

that is to introduce the idea behind the asterik and astute word play...

one of those girls was the proverbial preacher's daughter and another from the mormon side of the fence...

however one weighs the jesus factor, it cannot be taken lightly and if he had to guess well one of those hurting family hurled all the power of faith against that pornographic enterprise...

sure, nacho libre against ramses but the outcome is the point and that joint is still smoking...

to further furnish this sort of before and after chapter, think of it like democrats in the stay statez, convention previous 20s century a literal ku klux klan rally - in other words origin to contrast - a mere forty years later with kennedy and his equal rights morality...

yes, a party or a priesthood might evolve as far as that or even further it seems...

it depends on the persons involved...

we cannot remove the seed or the planting of it yet the growth might be moved this way or that as far as all the way across the oceans in some cases...

he would like to invoke the hombre invisible yet again to conclude the most powerful curse might well be the casual curse and here he repeats the paraphrase to make exact his meaning of a preacher's daughter revenge as it were...

if anything in the bible is true it is that the lord is gangster in the genocidal sense of the word...yes the most prolific serial killer he has ever read about...

consider the boat...and yes the boats keep happening.

40.3

he started the book with an inclination that that city in china might face destruction yet it seems now a few months later that it will survive in one fashion or another...

he had no idea that the real peril lay within india...as he typed six earthquakes had hit new dheli in seismic gentle nudges over the previous month and china had started the land grab after the confidence provided at the skirmish...

translation dictionaries for the russian arms were argued over as putin was kept in place for what they said would be sixteen years...

he worried, not enough, and also that there was a shadow agency at play with an already set in motion plan to prevent trumps second term...

batman and robinette were going to premiere hell or high water or even factual future details...

or how could joe grope anybody now in the middle of a pandemic...

let me have a kitten i mean a black woman running mate, he begged...

joe you dont have that much jam...

still they were making a fuss and a fight everything short of coming out and saying the ex president was born outside of america and those aint even his children...

i stand before you today to admit that it was all bullshit, me, my law practice, the book, the wife, the kids, and yes gay rights was only to stop people from making more of themselves but dammit the adoptions got out of hand as we hinted with the stand in for anderson cooper and all well now that we are clearing out part of the populatuon whole sale with the virus why not vote for a man that has dedicated his life to feeling up women and girls...

the crowd cheers, storms the white house, we dont care what he say or do... trump, melania, and barron lynched...

flyers are sent out : party in the bunker, byob.

kardashians step in to run the government and deport frances bean cobain to an undisclosed location.

paris hilton is named secretary of state.

mass suicides of so called poor white trash are reported across the country.

karen listed as an endangered species.

america joins the african nations union.

 flags are burned because of the white stars and stripes and,soon replaced by a spray painted x on a pink background. 

blackpink pens the new  national anthem lifting yet another line from the rolling stones tattoo you...

look at you, we were riding in this long black limo and dreaming a cousin we aint seen in twenty five years has got into a fight and wants us to join handing uzi machine gun falling apart...

somewhere a lie...

lay awake, yeah but what a story to take out and snack on oh the real fun will be editing all this out of time.

40.33

counter waiting he was and saw behind hazy glass the photocopied pictures in zerox black and white as if surveying that he was not wanted...

scenes before mostly somehow miss goo avower as if we had known each other all over the palace of years...

cromwell head chopped off  he studied the floor...

could not find the remebrance of that history in his thoughts...the name did seem familiar...

the day then the night in a nearly drug trance of inturrepted sleep dream scene and the nap as if seeking continuaty swallowed in sweat moist...

music of aileen wournos he read knowing now certain there was an innocent woman forced to death penalty after trying to defend herself from seven men...

he makes the pushed around context, after the first time one is stopped and subjected to that silly torture all the rest of even certain nearness becomes ground valid ground of self protection...

her reaction at the sentence anyone so fed up with lack of logic or respect will recognize...

flashback brought back memories of japan, while an american in korea showed the care package from the government the care...

four jew lie... the fourth it is and yet he cannot feel the party there...

he had been thinking along these lines: so people are dying, dozens, hundreds, thousands, et cetera...do we solemnity, do we reflect, do we anything no wait we bounce like puppet balls over a single death meant to be the straw that broke whatever into riot race war against statues and names and history itself until as one editorial put placed it we wind up with more dead and hollowed out department stores than ever before not to mention a little rise in terms of infections...

makes sense, fuck yeah...no. not by any stretch of the imagination...

death match in demented politics cage lebanon yemen venezuela...

no he already nearly wept for that woman and there are no more tears for these tragedies as the aging man puts the gun to his head no longer willing to walk down that hungry avenue and pulls the trigger in a final act of i cannot feed my family...

the empty coffin neither smiles nor grins as bald headed boys bend to send him to that narrow resting place between oblivion and regret...

but is it his or ours...

then as the millions of dollars in fireworks explode, emergency meeting who the hell could pose as a viable candidate in twenty four...

if only kiefer sutherland werent canada...

the post second term trump well maybe finally a woman...

yes a robot woman immune to the rona and willing to work that 24 and seven...

or simply ivanka? 

wherein the writer pauses in order to refrain from a brimism...you know, chinese chairman erect as desert cactus donates ten million to her campaign while drooling over her glowing countenance...

is he back with the goo or is it only wishful thinking in dreams? 

does the executed so called serial killer dream or does she bide her time until he sees her pain to paint it on the page for eternity as she promised in her ending paragraph back like jesus independence...jefferson adams...jams even his own awe within the impossible improvisation and perhaps mistakenly ceases to pen write type so as to have a look at this poem while it is still breathing with a sigh.

40.36

he'd walked the dream haunted and after making love found himself in cul de sac

there men in green mulitary shirts he tried to avoid only to get trapped trying to explain where he l7ved by that time hungry and picking at chicken that tasted like ginger root...

the word sarasota, except he no longer lives on that avenue...

it is all there for the poem but it is not yet a poem...

it needs the execution conversation her ass sabotaged , her warning nuked in 2019 or as we have translated covid nineteen...the following year...

in his emotion, he cannot write...he needs to wait a minute or more...

after the election take a death picture flower cake...

jackal howling in derisive weirdness...

puppet strings never visible, meet the new bossy pants same as the old pants bossy...

young adult daniella and marie he wrote to mingy...

where is tomorrow going...reflections.

yes and then no, does it matter?

before long three in the morning, numb as the dumb as if body snatchers have decided to go for over time overt his right knee seems breathe every now and again...

perhaps only exhale...which sounds fictional yet was fact...

a moveable nose! 

invitations to new york city and the ragtime breadline rent shop bent bebop...

they have turned it into a hypnotic song...

he cant help but sing along ranting steps dance the poor idiot...

another day, yet there was this.

40.40

flashback, dream while engaged in careless talk, the intruder he stabbed trying to enter his home...

knew the knife, it all seemed so perfectly practiced...

he had woken distracted and filled with thoughts of daniella and desire...

there it was another birthday and banana memories the little monster girl with rising teeth look at my nose competed with pulled groin whiskey dick things and thongs he had not wanted to consider...

she wuotes colossians two...

he wonders...listens to way down in the hole...

  emma considers the hard grub...

he is going for the fourteen hundred peso almond cake happy birthday mary wohlwend...

calvary whim swim him listening as ia the vg slays the piano rendition in a hood so good her voice...

there was a rump parliament cromwell his own self a so called roundhead...

he sees the daniella head cut out in his mind cannot concentrate on oliver...

perhaps doesnt want to instinctively knowing how many pages this manuscript already overloads...

but still to even try to weigh "rich a rd mall or y"

interstate seventy five first victim against quasi ritzy bella vista mall sarasota frisk vision strobe light and surrounding streets is to blow one's own mind...

take me with you to the mini apple...

no.

40.60

weather or not, it felt like sme sort of drastic day all devoid of meaning, movement...

He sta sat dawn to write down...Yet felt drunken although he had been sober since...

since he could not recall...

a while as it was only a while wherein the at last dream he stood before a little girl, skinny perhaps ten or twelve and embraced her tears as she she started vomiting a light colored fluid over his left shoulder...it was the middle of the road as in the pretenders song possibly in the thirties in manhattan...grand central...who knows...someone spoke and he held her nearer, dearer as to him it was the child say or see and while he leaned down knees bent to breathe alongside her pain he could feel the grown say or see pulling off his hat which he did not want wished removed for not having styled in the manner he would want to be seen through and so he stood and crossed the avenue of yellow taxis and fat women sprawled across the asphalt open legged in baggy pants and he wondered at the weirdness then awoke before he could reach the north side of that ninth or tenth avenue where his fan seemeed to sound out some sort of bizarre down under squeal yet as he fixed his squint to see what it was saying he realized it was coming from the side window of his bed chamber some men at work nothing australian about it...he had gone to bed hungry and quickly twisted up some coffee and tasted some more of the almond cake perhaps thinking of mary or andi or even andi's mother in premonitory celebration...then settled back to sleep after put placing the stray cot mattress over those side windows to press against the noise...

it was dark when he arose again and he felt displaced somehow in that sort of jet lagged sensation the world traveler encounters...

nearing midnght he continued with pizza he had  saved and an episode of catherine the great which caught him off guard for it was not what he expected...

still, he enjoyed the premise and followed it with the version he had intended to glimpse...

a mosquito nipped at his finger and after as he sat to jot the dream and things that would come another nagged at his ankle...

he liked it as much as he liked movie stars on the small screen, sure there was a new era of quality production sometimes but still it was silver not golden...

he wanted to like it and in parts did but felt they were too often talking down to the audience which might be excused in terms of theater or an expected viewing by ten or twelve year old kids...

mary had reminded him of his own theory over others yelling to gain attention and for a second or two he was right back in that moment trying to explain and then vindicated no less by actual church events...

in any case, shouting should be reserved for truly threatening situations that is if anyone is in the vicinity... it is the same idea as the one that cries wolf...he concluded not counting the sexual aspect of porn influenced scenes...

howling through his head is the mystery of anagrams which seems a reasonable debate to have except some people will insist on secrecy or at least as little mention as possible while others dismiss the concept of the great art all together - 

he goes a certain percentage higher in the first direction because he holds proof of at least some truths even in translation...

he believes nobody is truly in possession of exactitude when it comes right down to it -

he has imagined that perhaps that group of some people have gone a ways into destruction when concept goes let us say international -

it seems to be not the type of subject anybody is willing to discuss in public save for in passing mention of a curiosity...

in the cases that i have experienced or read over, the results are weird or fatal...

polanski's mention in the rosemary reel followed by the murder of his pregnant wife and accusations leading him to flee the united states...

morrison's song opus repetition succeeded by drowning in france a few moments later...

yes the group or was it rush  they penned some pretty sharp lyric on the subject and seemingly found little success beyond that point and if the latter and if memory serves one died back in the nineties and another a few weeks ago...

speculation for certain as there are sites that provide the service and software that stands to produce at one's input some of them at no cost to the consumer...

perhaps, it is impossibly enough simply up to him to make a ruling on this elusive code...

or worse, to set in motion a standard operating procedure in order to open and establish certin lines of communication...

he prefers the corporate method that is based on a vote held by as many possible members as possible...

yet the vary act of such a dermocracy might lead to doubt, a request for re-count et cetera...

a second vote and where will it end...

it feels as if the wheel is in motion yet he can neither decide what would be fair or how to control that fairness after the verdict...

in either scenario, truth for the most part will stand from form or even wordplay as in you must remember this a kiss is still a...

silent red lips locked without a chance to anagram...there is no why because - he quotes himself...

he pauses, a choice more important than the annihalation of the hindu...

in his limited wisdom, he knows, some of these things are inherent in the phrases in the language and will power through regardless of his choice like an echo after certain songs or visions...

given the vast library that is the written word and beyond that the recorded spoken word well we have no choice...

it has to be allowed and to some degree respected otherwise it will rise up on its own to shock, short change, or even shower us with the fallout shells...

of course nobody can be expected to handle all of it all the the time and yet that would be part of the responsibilty luckily we are set up in different time zones almost as if part of the plan was foreseen and already in place. 

one correction go ahead grady, i corrected them - thank you kindly, there was one point wherein he did feel both the insistance that and he quotes, it is all based on anagrams, as well as the urgency to not disclose said  revelation.

he could not measure what either of these conflicting viewpointd held in terms of depth or possibilities...

it had come some well years after a similar situation wherein someone pleaded that he practice the wrong way around his poetry so that read backwards they would breathe some sort of other logic...

and when in love or at least beatnik lust he found it to be more a hurdle than help after some even succesful attempts he could not balance going through a second round of that without some sort of proof...

mention of it in light self mockery will be found in the early improvised page of his  biographical novel, armed transport...the caint remember chords one...

sure, he has purchased it at some  level but to push it on as a primordial directive well sure it made sense except plenty if not most folks spent their enitre lives nearly perfectly without having that receipt in their pocket or even herein discussed wordplay wonder...

also it limits the use multi syllable words improvisation and worst of all intellect-

fact is fact, and so as he fences the contradictions let it be that for him they are important that is a not b especially for the book he started and might yet finish but they are not wholly stable - they might be slippery and definitions will evolve.

no, it is not great writing now, yet you won't notice how he sidestepped every impulse and inclination to news gossip of the latest in reverance to say or see and in respect for readers now and future that might fall into an endless search for meaning as new words are conjured and included as if to reflect the expansion of the universe itself.

spartan warriors wore dreadlocks after their victory when one was left standing and two walked away until both forces settled the matter and he sees his hair in a new light given the knowledge...

note for that unfinished manuscript; jata or jaata. 

what is in a name, what is in his name - 

it's all music and these are only notes...only seven notes, only twenty six letters and so forth...

given the knowledge, yes your bliss at risk yet your intelligence more beautiful.

smart pants pretty to naked he jumps in the days old water to soothe the bites with coffee smoke and hopes he has saved someone somewhere some time nobody cared that he had in bygone days lost at all.

post script, as it stands the magnificence of that magical visual art known as cinema has more than proven its value and what he said wroted in this chapter was to plead for as many of them as piss possible to not display their music beyond the big screen even if many productions have even surpassed the studios...for example, the actress in the great now stands to have to battle herself streaming in places and by people she cannot fathom for all those hours evermore when a binge bitch brings it up or turns it down...no way to win especially when even the first episode feels like a whole movie with its own preview commercial included...certain she got not no millions of dollars or even to keep the wardrobe yet the work perhaps feels endless...and it is unfair to her as a movie star he thinks --- plus wont be up for awards outside throwaway emmy thing...

maybe nothing is holy, brownsville girl long before the stars were torn down...

is it some sort of punishment for not sucking cock? what is wrong with this industry?  i felt her spirit fading in that wrapped curtain ending then nesrly fully flesh in a rainy day beauty but here when they shot the bear something more went out the window...

ah yes there was a film in she is rumoured to have performed the oral sex which he skipped for it being her...

where does it end? 

nobody is like that light of she  and to see it flashed for a series show as much as he might like it makes him dark with a non specific sorrow...even more than cheap pornographic thrill cinema for the boys ahem or lesboys...

he knows, its too much, to say, yet that is his true emotion from some weird platonic position he developed long ago within his imagination's mythology...

can't explain it all and won't any furthet than this don't.

40.77

she is he will reluctantly admit his daughters sister...how or when is a daughters sister not also a daughter...

just like this just like that, easy again cant explain and he dont.

whew...

40.88

another daughter, no a different daughter, although technically due to craft also a witch...

he reads over the two star general report...

scenes from the scenes flash before his fantasy while remembering washing machine conversations with nazi school swede...

he can't flirt with his daughters sister  a man needs to draw the line somewhere...

pizza pepsi all the goya talk nobody mentions francisco...

womentions only now to cancel or convert...

she is pretty, she is beautiful as her attractiveness was always noticed but afyet rainy well maybe it was loss of virginity...

so her spiritual self is lower to ground, not as heavenly high hey a ten hour movie...

he wonders, some excellent turns but he cannot agree entirely...no, indeed.

40.99

how are we back at thirty six the chapter that wont end...

dream smashing nephew head agaibst bathroom wall...

terruble, well no you know the phrase idc...

cock suck8ng punk wanna buffalo him into playing the braindead retard in the coming louie louie age of spicorama the government has to hey hey go and so these boneheads vote for what passes for pretend opposition makes one sick to ones name or worse that penis amputation feeling while one eyed lou now more attached to furniture than should be legal proclaims the elected a macho man after clawing the arm rest for leverage dont take that chair to the balcony you hateful hippie...

zlata has no hips...he should explain fully, when moved in he spent a year waiting for the furniture to arrive...

the bedroom, for that matter is still mostly missing...

so maybe ten hours playing the lead in a questionable series aint nothing for him to worry about...hmm...

the pizza is done, there is stiill ice cream.

he is wounded in ways he cannot explain yet he needs to see the work through that is to write like this until it is an embrace, a kiss...

until the dreams arrive and lead the way to his own bliss.

_____staying apart keeps us together____

australia sign...

he dreamt of alexandra and awoke in conversation with say or see...

what else is there to do at three in the morning white claw never have i ever bla bla bla..

he felt as if in a lover's meeting and moreover as if he had always meant to be there...

however he was distracted by the build up to the american election...one might try to be apolitical yet at the sight of sheer lies and one sided opinions as if the press had been turned into bobble headed yes men well it makes one strike for something deeper, profound even if in fact there is no other viable candidate still he thought fuck it, someone somewhere needs to say it as he sees it right or wrong if only to flex the illusion of free speech...

he speaks freely to say or see because nobody makes him as happy sure he was in some sort of surprise bliss at the encounter with alexandra in a dream...

home is where...nowhere if we continue to destroy the earth and plant puppet democrats in the white house...

it was evening and he felt like writing yet could not gather the details of his dreams or even his imagined conversation except for tea which he finally made much to the surprise of even himself as the honey and lemon twinnings hit his swallow machine...

writing unfortunately would have to partly wait as someone tried to throw a remember the pain party which he could shrug off being as great as he had become yet the news kept crawling with green beret death and famed grandson dead and then when finally he turned to type some words well a film actress died...

death dead died...died dead death...

there was a lot more to a couple of these stories if we might trivialize the passing of these souls with such a trite word...

yet it seemed to him unrelated to what should be notes for a novel even if the novel now included scattered diary entries...

in any case, there had rarely been a sunday filled with so much news if we can also agree to call it as such...

usually, nobody of note expires until the editors return to their desk from weekend homes...

perhaps it had to do with the election in poland or the election that clobbered his mind for lacking that element of truth from the democrats...

duda here was a dud, a man most likely owed several favors from the previous administration and surely owing many more in his future reign as he found out that very day what might be the reign of dying for here was the man that bragged over the heavy rules except hanging for jaywalking...

note there are reports he had softned on some of those matters because a politician can and will say anything then something else ahem commercial break...

but he did not want to play these games as in the end they wind up playing the players regardless of how powerful -

he joked lightly in the hopes that it would derail the whole show and leave america as it should be land of free, brave -

or perhaps better yet returned as colony to queen and country -

he could he knew not say anything that had not been poked at in say bulworth, but how much bullshit can a candidate stack atop the stinking pile of feces already spilling out all over the we are the world -

airline reservation agen suffers a nervous breakdown when you call to book a flight for mali -

do you mean maui - no in africa, mali! 

please hold, he turns to earl, earl are we allowed to book tickets for mali -

by jings, what a time to have gone for that continent all down the line, to make him settle for india which of course means giving up part of the sides to the chinese and pakistanians...

two not one but two police officers shot dead in texas he forgot to scribble in the litany of sorrow which led to a daughter posting the fatal words blue lives matter only to be shut down by the cancel watchdogs and their incessant barking...

imagine that, you don't have to - you can look it up easy as second weekend in jew lie...

july, that is, not that jews don't lie - sigh, everyone especially the democrats do it -

with your shield or on it, said the spartan mothers to their sons...

he encourages himself in a similar manner even if the world has become quick as hanging judges to determine how much juice at the electric chair...

the work is important, in fact vital to him yet to disregard what he perceives as so far from righteous as to be offensive well it has to be included even if it turns out to be outtake notes - - -

still it feels as oppresive as the summer heat melting the artic while like dumb pups we chase the tail of cheap talk or even go as far printing headlines in the obituary section for pretend pr could have been celebrities...

i ask you seriously, should we not serve the people ourselves a mor straight drink by the drop?

one of his songs reported what he had seen, slavery gets shit done...mass murder will free the land of several problems at once...

extreme, to be certain, people might riot and throw statues into rivers oh wait already there...been and done that huh...

ducks in russia turn over to balance the sun with their webbed toes tumbling in the air...

cuba is no longer mentioned, has not been for months...

do some places simply stop and step out of the press cycle reality...

how to survive, that must be it - 

these are the places, the ones left to live, them we don't read about all the time...

he is going for a third cup of tea, the semen in his balls making him anxious and aggressive and even hurting his head from time to time...

horrible thing to unwillingly or unwittingly be continually involved with i me mine crowd due to proximity or circumstance...

now then were we, oh yes thirty thousand silver words he should have spoken up for jesus a but more given his upbringing and that miracle of faith which may even include life saving events not to mention his recent indulgence with the tradition is back women and yes andi;s hope that he holds that hand again but this was not exactly about that reference pound a man of men was he that is the J does not really need spokesperson chatter only faith, only the church now then the point in part or perhaps mostly was to get to the underlying cause and impulse of an anti semitic or contra jew stance since either no reason or various grievances are set before us when trying to get to an understanding...

hopefully, this has come near to something in terms of definition yet he fears nay not fears he knows he has failed to find it. 

the optimist might proclaim because there is nothing to find but that is too easy to believe while the pessimist will call it a conspiracy which in turn echoes in a constant attempt to escape if only to further conspiracies.

we are conditioned, nevertheless, to hate jews and even to accept the hatred of them by others going so far as extermination even if the whole notion of that dislike arises as was plotted in practice by themselves when culture was first cultivated somewhere well beyond our capacity to time travel and or unravel secrets therein held.

end of chapter forty 

(following the writing, news trickled in of the death of mandelas son and then flooded in the overflowing river further east wherein a hundred and forty perished, perhaps he should have waited to pen also the obituary section of a local newspaper held twenty seven certificates, unheard of, five pages when usually it is only a couple he feels a sudden need to name that weekend of death!)



chapter 41

When love is around, it tends to surround.

A gentle touch alone could itself astound.

For him it was  always in women he found.

They led to lyrical songs with his guitar sound.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

beyond what he had heard, another report called the still throbbing deadly weekend toll astronomical...

he did not need to be proven right, some things are simply palpable...

perhaps, it was over - he hoped awaking to a bizarre segment on the tele (nowadays without tubes in case you happened to arrive from the middle of the previous century) with elmo which made him stumble in memory along the lines of he told her he loved her and then he killed her followed by leaving to shop for a tivkle me elmo doll...paraphrase of long past events recorded in another manuscript...

point being it led him away from the very vivid dream he was longing to examine...

some sort of department store, what is he doing there in the bright fragrant glow of displays mirrors mannequins and the slippery floor as shimmery as the sky...perhaps only to see her, unknown her, blonde her, not much make up on her face it seemed then sitting facing each other after a few words and she held out her hands pale and gentle as if they belonged to someone else a stolen treasure she held with cool confidence passing them off as her own and then holding them not in a shake not in a squeeze but in some sort of feel neither fake nor forceful he realized they were unlike the usual temperate flesh they were well below normal degrees a manifestation of the devil he considered while recalling the song line for his hands are so cold and later as he typed the irish i have held the hand of the devil except in that version they were warm and the narrator was cold as a stone...

he was reluctant to add any more characters to the now nearly impossible to edit tome which this had become not for nothing did folks speak of attention span most recently ia the vg yet he could blame it on miss goo avower for posting the long fingers painted upon a door as if trying vying to outdo the witch and her extreme green nail post...

hmm, nails and fingers followed by a dream of icy hands leads him to have to mention ms finninjer...

eighteen years old, intent on being a model, but that is no easy task coming out of the arizona heat - 

she dedicated her instagram to varying styles of makeup but left after turning sixteen...

a drastic inclination not inclined to looking back...

she had traveled to new york city and rome even producing youtube videos to share with the world but pretty much left that platform after turning seventeen...

a drastic inclination intent not on what was but what will be...

it was time for college, for the big town...los angeles, ucla perhaps...

she got a roommate in order to afford the lifestyle but as much as one beats  the drum that men and woman can be friends the line tends to blur via touch or proximity...

she tried again with a model in keeping with her own desires but as hard as it is linving with a man it is sometimes worse with a woman...

finally, using the word with a casual definition, she rented her own space only to find that any type of regular job would not cover that type of expense, at least not for the long run or to but it bluntly cheetos while filling tend to keep one awake at night hoping for another meal.

college became impossible due to the pandemic and possibly the writer's attempt at reality fiction which led her to two rather questionable choices, online classes and the purchase of a volkswagon van which she might make her residence...

she  did, with her drastic  inclinations at their most extreme, which is where he found her and led to his pleading for her safety and salvation as well as the start of this chapter and possibly that dream.

it was hot, not 112 tucson heat yet still too hot to mention and yellow frogs were in the news.

he had not seen yellow frogs, browsing lightly he remembered it might have mentioned that they turn that colour during mating season to attract other frogs...

he raced to message gina, not mentioned herein since the escapade scene driveaway attempt which he himself can only vaguely distill without going back to glance which he won't do at this point so as not to get caught up in a style which might not be in sync with his present emotion...

pre-set emotions, they are there...all prepared to march themselves through the mind or even manifest in talk or action...

of course, he does it, all writers do it, but for him it has to be before the typing starts...

this burning cannot be, for various reasons that  turning...

in the vagueness there was possibly a song he had in mind, not like now, his own composition,  free of the manipualtive influence, devoid of the haunted echo that seems to flourish from internet trackers intent on the insight of browsing history...

why is he thinking of kellyanne conways daughter claudia in the middle of the night, because he happened to click on a story and the link remained there on safari where someone attempted to pick up the thread of his quotation marks thinking end quotation marks step in replace pretend and repeat -

he slides through the history page clearing the last hour and day in case there is something he wants to revisit later yet the link returns as if regurgitating itself and so clear all open close still there just that one but why open close alright finally gone -

at a certain stature everything one does on that level pours in scrutiny...

cut in from agency no urgency no deadline, now this book we really like this one with so much to pick and pull apart...

he is adamant, brim was better with the extended quotes woven invisible to allow the reader to flex their literary and song memory at the same time poking a dry penis right into the eye of the many hack palgiarists plus an almost concise plot with highly interesting subplots not to mention the exhonorations no ma'am it was a highpoint and this well it might yet be a demonstration of determination but is that truly a book, he could not respond to his own quasi doubt only in the editing stage could he know if it would hold.

he held her hand wholly not certain of who she was or might be, he held her hand and then he awoke.

he planned to read anna karenina to finally, again employing the word in casual or flexible terms, view the film but the day went down a differnt path and strangely he found himself looking at i am number four thinking chloe was in it but she weren't...sounds familiar that is to say from a few pages ago...weirdly enough she was on her way to chat with a senator only to encounter technical difficulties...

smoke and mirrors, come on he encouraged himself the chapter is a wrap...

 that is precisely the sort of thing that might need editing out...

had he even mentioned chloe here or had the thought of brim brought back  the variation on a jim lift he reworked several times in great thompson joy...

how are you planning on taking them down...all right forty one was not astronomical but the chapter was cozy maybe even trippy enough to make a reader's own dream tremble back from the distance in desire for knowledge.



chapter 42

There were, he finds without specific finances, several moe mentions of ms hoyt...

Moe? Right, more. like the cigarette. 

There was also one called True with a peace symbo shape filter...

Symbo? Left out the Elle...

He stood there before the mirror with the same type of rash as in the great clavicle, thought of her...

Had she gotten so wise that he could not tell...

At the no tell hotel, south carolina, the concierge explained that some guests unplugged everything at the feeling of paranoia...

He put the hated mirror in his bathroom, with stealth...

Now how to steal into this chapter which should intend to begin to finish these notes...

Ah yes, more symbol perhaps than seduction gina hoyt with piercings and tattoos pounded a stomp against the floor boards at the sight of yellow frogs, for if you must know they were her "thing", that it caused the witch thousands of miles away and distracted by the arrival of her birthday mothere for what else could she be these being the birthday chapters? casued her to slip slide off her fat bottom girl queen bicycle leaving her with missing knee skin ouch,

she bled, his head turning somewhere between tokyo and detroit as megan shaw with unnamed titties downed a fifth of peach mango echo falls...

falls, falls, false repitition of snippets has to be some sort of mind control which has wovn itself into our post-modern times...

wavelength wars...glitch battles...

bitches wanna self medicate with weed, i am bitches, said the other lauren as he inserted too many characters yet again...

it is a big room but aint that big...

it's a small world after all an aleksandra photo collage painting ended the day because he dreamed of her of maybe because he spelled her name alexandra instead in recent page...

he felt good, demonstrating admiration love or if you insist lustful artistic desire...

there was satisfaction, before wherein the sounds floated ghostlike in silken gowns meaning he won't say who or what yet every so often another mostly in this case the girl in the van perhaps for worry possibly for a wonderous type of creepy that might well be all his own...

in the exhale of satisfaction he drew the image happily...

then he dreamt, a thundering scene that made no sense to him as he awoke only several long minutes after rapid eye movement to actually feel rested if a touch nervous...

he could see himself on a bed, a girl was there yet distant as if she could command from no nearness...

the bed was in front of his old wooden desk which in the dream did not have the later addition of the wooden bookshelf...

it was light, as if afternoon had only started to give way to dusk...

he felt himself awaking, a shot of sperm awash on his right elbow too much to brush away all at once and rising he turned to the head of the bed where the desk was to find two sets of keys both drenched in sperm...

he held these in his hands and ran the sink's faucet as he awoke feeling surely that a wet dream was or had been in the works yet it was only imagination or yes let us gather strength and venture into that realm beyond well what is beyond imagination a different dimension...

he thought it over for a while chewing stale bread and warm coffee as cigarettes neither more or true smoked away as he soaked yet again to escape the heat...

he lay again for a much longer time without anything seemingly worthwhile or captivating enough to haunt him as he got up in the early evening...

some sort of uninspiring conversation over investment with a man he could not or did not want to place in memory...the type maybe we all deal with along the lines of the day to get from point a to point be, or if buzzed, bee.

earthy emma proclams she believes in a litany of conspiracies yet most often it is those near to us that make for such thought...

proclams? center, center  sent her an eye...ay, proclaims the i, tho clams sang slang as money also in other thoughts...

well, sure the television...he fears watching it with a new theory that all the channels will come through at once making the brain melt in a sensory overload but presently there is no better way to distract one eyed lou...

somehow, the evening found him omnipresent, one war extinguished, one battle avoided...both by answer quickly and turning away but also tomorrow never knows on the headphones at the start of the feeling...

it was there, perhaps not even from her -

unable to capture his attention into derisive insults and verbal fighting, she seemingly possessed by a contradiction in self preservation put the rice to heat after it was done twice no reason then after he turned off the gas switch left another burner go which hopefully he found in time for it not be a drain.

it was on purpose but he doubts it was her purpose.

some things one cannot know, maybe one should not know. 

With the intended organization and moved mirror done, he felt satisfied even if hunger visited him moments after his meal...

The hours after midnight crawled in the way they still tend to in places where ambulances and fire trucks do not frequent the avenues leaving the night sky to shine and feral cats to explore the slow motion show of littered walkways.

half an hour and some minutes extra to look up those notes and write these paragraphs, it felt longer to him as if he was not in speedy form or as well informed of his own jottings as he might be...

hive work dive honey will there be anything to love, well come on, cum dripping keys of the white elbow writer it has to be unique even in other dimensions, don't you concur?

well, red knee witch is thinking along the lines some of us cannot live with our mortgage i brought you into this world and i can take you out mothers yet she might not know of the hoyt pound...

things almighty strange or even stagnant can and will...



chapter 42.5

tim ess quare...tea mess queer...times square...

------------------------------------------

half light and half haunted...

he lay upon his choice to rest away the wee hours contemplating humanity's nefarious or even notorious arguments which tended to substantiate or even dub step ideas as thin as starving children in yemen, lebanon, venezuela and points continental...

yet what was his idea, here in these pages, here in the work in progress, 

within the scroll of something unsaid said...

the future was always minutes away or vanished depending on the vantage or view point...

plan as you may or april, your baby days are over, baby, and they aint coming back.

mostly, the dwindle down to death lines will not thrill most of the knowing readers yet has it been said in so called novels...

even with merck via gray pills, the male reproductive system is mostly a pee machine after a certain age - with few or rare exceptions...

it has also been neglected in fiction the drying up of vaginal spaces somewhere after menopause which might require a chapter all on lubrication -

dry bitch blues by the sextegenerians rings out from the radio...i still had my finger but her dusty rolodex broke my nail/ manicure wouldnt help and had to wear a bandaid of brown pale/

walk all the talk, tolstoy or cummings only to find not these subjects yet there is a booming need as boomers reach the sudden thackery...and older elders expire...

he thought, as the hold on one minute and hurry up the next orgy thumbed through his visions  -

he considered, stupidly, waco texas, dumb in the sense of not having studied that history and this after once more deciding that there was a second shooter in dealy plaza...

back and towards the left-

flatlands pan handle he stood there, in the dark of yesterday like a blind man on heroin grooving to faraway stars in the southern sky...

imagine only seeing the lone star state at night, he repeated to home himself writer you are a vampire...

a mere few hundred years before then it wiuld have been mexico...

still the music spaniards yet no dream to detail from recent sleeping...

anyway a lot of it is exactly the opposite of t i'm esquare...

which feels in memory alike a blazing mirror with nothing directly reflected, a device of deflection...

hmm decked out volkswagon van remote control panel lights parked on venice where pansy boys and girls skate near a questionable beach she seemed pleased after sending out wetness hair vibes from undisclosed other location all at once alleviating his worry yet heightening his curious concern...

a sour encounter came in recall, like a puzzle he could not control and he paused to escape...

after the duck and determined aftermath, she was there but so were other women well at this point wives or as his two skinny girls poetry cover concluded alone with everybody...

how did the sextegenerians get mansions and uncut cocaine while two skinny girls could not dirt weed or even afford an alarm system to protect ms f.



chapter 43



The night curved in a cruel silence, he lingered around himself torn in twenty directions...

Hesitating at the keyboard, his attempted poetics demanding their right to remain silent just like the evening...

Tears of an undistinguished teasing extinguished themselves in a vague sorrow down his right eye...

Hunger is or might be defined in various ways and this need he had suspected since the previous friday when a faint throb of pain thrust upon his right middle finger...

No cause, after the interval, it floated further right ringing the next fingers until pink and seemingly vanishing into a dream...

where tokyo was he?  the capital grille manning the maned statue Olwyn leaned over, saintes maries de la mer with ia the vg and sister both seahorsed tattooed arms, and after the hound barked why in the dog cursed rain of big pine key as emma and daniella held on to a white hen operative with red beak perhaps for eggs...begs the question are they the russian bones of the last czar, comet neowise now visible except where you are...

Broken by brooke, behold another witch, bounced the coffee all the way here and you can see the shape of a tree or is that a whale the levitating leviathan, perched upon rorschach column...

He proceeded to roar after staying up all night wait up, water what check, tip tap sound, soul awake, one day turned into two the martian year of six hundred 87 days...arab launch...

ghost of mayakovsky, as much as one knows, there is always more to give in to learning...

not to mention only nine chapters into anna karenina... 

finally a dream seeing himself asleep, chewing from going to bed hungry, wire of memory braces detach he delivers himself to bathroom only to find the last four digits and she is trying to get through a wall which he claws away at revealing two layers and they step through now steeped in streets of city where walking she tries to clean her contact lenses and he holds out his hand luckily as they slip from her to him a friendly fright he awakes with the glimmer of bubble blue still shining in his mind two cupcakes coffee and sleep until late evening...nothing else to report as the silence seems to question itself...

Perhaps or possibly because it is these he means the chapter another book entirely...questions for posterity's posture...talk of a space outpost next century...

Possibly or perhaps, alike his beloved photography practice rudely interrupted someone does not want him write typing up...

some thing, what thing? oh he knows the joke that jolts with such truth that the laughter turns to crying...

the right side, the right center, control mechanism we are in the right so it must be right...his finger, his eye...he will admit some residual emotion yet could not especially not in spic speak to me spicorama carry on as much as may have wanted to wear her love...

lawyers, he said wives yet not all of them...

the old bag attempted to make a point with graffiti amid questionable music a jealous jab at rachel, bitch don't you know bill will shoot me if i do her wrong, where was he...

giggle into weeping, still can't tell when she is right there as the look for someone else lust insults her holy beauty...

aleksandra pressed her toes against the screen as he smiled...

too exquisite for his own good exclusive...

the prose drags like a check waiting five years to be deposited...it seems a few sensations amounted to a total that held no desire to be written...neither sweetness in the beyond or capture of german rimbaud in the forest...

nobody he thought would understand his stance yet it was a wholly substantial logic.

luckily a mystery woman introduced water into herself and meeting the coffee questioned who is this to which caffeine whispered the owner of this here house...

telescription to be included in case the sand niggers set up bookshops on mars...

he never aspired to be read in outer space yet now it crossed his mind...

interplanetary immortality, he had of course attained it on the earthly realm in several ways even before the cheap internet heap became available to nearly everyone but within the universe well this was a new longing for him...

oh but to bring science into it right after the religion and the left hand path...

it could not end well...especially not as bully pretense trampled through his imagination, yet think of it aliens and how to balance any reasonable faith thereafter...

go ahead postulate the election poster, some of them have long ago been replaced from within...

human shells filled with extraterrestial souls...

others, lesser sentients, simply formed by reptilian control agents...

gromley and hurley demand to have their morning belfast coffee and bong hits in peace without worrying over little green men...

ashes to ashes lyric wheel, he always heard men...herd men scramble to do the same thing they have always done...it is the mentality which has brought us here to the precipice that precipitates the end or a new start.



chapter 44

taylor at the beach that were manhattan, he paraphrases the boneheads blew it up, turn to easy rider before, we blew it...

blue and white sure how long before it is red and white the title question...

seeing himself divine passed out under the mescaline sun jones beach skin crimsoned, he thought we should all be so care free...

heverlee after coffee one lauren grabbed a pint as the check cashed and odeya printed a finally picture post what matters...

he looked at the alienist, having read the book and part of the sequel...yes, but it does not stand alone he thought as jealous bitches bit at the air of mockery...when the daughter is despised life gets strange, weird or not so in that show business, but yeah no way to establish or re establish characters for the new audience just let the horse trample through and hope for the ratings in the age of illegal downloads this to bookend the great perhaps...

other daughter in his dream drawing all manner of desire, all right hell or high water its a date...

the night fizzled pork chops sizzled nothing happened...

aleksandra had the potato chips but not the cherry soda...

buckwheat blues to a super mark et...

across the sea the red white blue rent is due overdue dates deadline soon up to the individual landlord...

president mentions two opponent responds four...

is it a running mate he wants or back up singers...

the song in spicorama sings state of emergency meaning the military wants your sperm reserves...

so much politics too much poll italics not enough tik tok even as the baby witches make the international news arena...

he recalls his shy of the moon cover as if he had practised it for play...

the rock star moment fades, next day eight morning noon euro early eve asia...

time zone impaired or dead he imagines himself in belfast ms gromleys love arm freckled in the fantasy where emma sayeth no hen a cock and nakedness drools alongside that canine hexed downpour, grateful for understanding or even not understanding...

west la fadeaway, jesus watching helen in soft porn pose for artist when he wanted to glenda yet feared busting her hips, go comb your hair, brooke explains st michael and the demons get along in a look the other way contradiction...

cow tipping invariably leads to cow burning...

except when there is that chloe bloodlust...loved that bizarre scene, sorry not sorry...

what is life and what is film, all is art...

dumb or smart, film is life twenty four frames per second sometimes sequel or truth as some french man fried it...

we all ride it, while here in the hail mary wohlwend, he swears one line could save the world...

it is not a prayer, it might be all in the posture, the pose or perhaps the prose arose in audio book pulpit;

he is willing to speak it tripping out on the narcotic tongue even if means arriving before too long in belfast with ren and stimpy reruns on satan's television.

insert ape planet exclammation get your hands off quote here.



chapter 45

suspected of stockpiling weapons and ammunition...

that is what the history books spell out when explaining why the ATF got into a standoff with the branch davidians after trying to serve a warrant for arrest...

brought up here for his own education at which point he implores readers not to tale take mention of other works as a reading list as it caused him to give up on the accursed after making his own list of literary materials...

sure, even after edits this aint no sci fi romance dime pulp to pleasure through and as it stands perhaps impossible yet more so with the addition of required novels or texts...

he is like all writers writing this for himself...

the only book he recommends is the one wroted by houdini after his mother passed away...

now then, he weighs that the agents were wrong especially given the real world threats at the time...

religious types living apart from the rest of heathen society well sure if they were muslims with a slice of suicidal tendencies maybe...

yet suspicion by itself does not hold ground and conversely if someone came to your house demanding to enter in order to cuff detain and carry you to lawyered trial outside of your belief system, well?

Timothy of  C Company, 2nd Battalion, 1st Mechanized Infantry found it so horrid that he blew a hole that killed 168 folks in the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building on anniversary date in Oklahoma not the musical but if you want a track how about oh the guns of brixton...

When the law break in

How you gonna go?

Shot down on the pavement

Or waiting in death row

You can crush us

You can bruise us

But you'd have to answer to

Oh, the guns of Brixton

The money feels good

And your life you like it well

But surely your time will come

As in heaven, as in hell

please note, albeit his service record is blurred by the so called terrorist act, McVeigh was honorably discharged in 1991 and had received theBronze Star Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Southwest Asia Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon, to name not all but perhaps most of them..

the writer won't further the argument with the children, as to not incite a finer animosity against the so called keepers of the peace who had a couple of undercover rat informants walled up down the road from the "brand"-

he has no inclination to defend the branch / brand  davidians based on their faith, it is only the fact that there is a second ammendment in the post modern colonies and well we might "suspect" anyone of anything especially if they differ from ourselves in some way or say turncoats rattle off a stoolepigeon story to earn their pay ahem digress to constitution:

"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."

please note it is commonly dismissed with the title "waco siege" instead of "branch dividian massacre"...

post script, dismissed might also be applied to the ammendment which had been distorted in 1992 or the year before to allow the interpretation that it did not give americans the right to own arms or as was  specific to this case automatic firearms...

the basic missed point - in the hype that tells us the leader was a deluded egomaniacal demon intent on destruction (not that he is the subject of these ideas in progress or even subtext as in fact he could have been anyone) that is often disregarded - is that he signed for most if not all of the suspected packages himself and if not upon delivery then surely they could have staked out to capture him beyond the confines of his ground's sanctuary...yes? no...seemingly, not at all or out of the question...

with the law on their side they called the media before the circus fireworks (who in turn alerted the sanctuary within) which resulted in the agents shooting themselves or as one astute observer put placed it, if the heavy fire had come from the compound there would be more than four dead agents and the trucks would look like swiss cheese.

fuck it, he will say it, seventeen children killed and forty eight assault rifles found...two point eight per child.

he does not understand it, he would not think twice of having twice that number to protect his own children.

aftermath, browsed after pen writing type, three persons killed at the Dollar Store in Frostproof, Floridarecently termed not "siege" but "massacre" as if to underline that definitions or interpretations might vary...wildly...

for example, for six years the FBI denied using flammable tear gas cartridges yet reversed themselves in 1999 with a video taped release and a Janet Reno thesis which suggested that although M651s were used they did not start the fire...Weird...or to conclude without questions no davidian was ever charged or convicted of arson, period.

TM was executed on 11, June, 2001 and denied military burial despite his previous spotless service record, yes 93 days before the "never forget" september erm, siege or massacre...

one needs to understand that patriotism is more than one thing, he sees that man as a patriot even within the logical condemnation of terrorism (which would perhaps make it misguided patriotism) because it might be the final nail in the coffin of the democratic party which was in power throughout then except for the final sequences which luckily were handled by the bush cheney administration.

pardon him if his overnight research reshuffled here has neglected a thing or two.



chapter 46

Did he say the mescaline sun...trimethoxyphenethylamine...like peyote cactus juice in rays...we caint have him getting high from the sun! by jings, and it rained for two days...

Doesnt he see we are trying to pull the strings to serve up flashbacks from a specific time...

He dreams amanda voice over and someone famous that needs to leave leaving to recording drama...is madison his friend?

music yes, intentional repitition of unbalanced recall no, the punching below the belt tobring forth an irrational anger?

awake no interest in this timeline, in the forced manipulations carefully planted to pave the way for...

for what, all he knows is that it is never money...

suffering, fear, loathing, self doubt, et cetera...

for what, all he knows is that it is never a call...

hello, hi, good day to no...

in the dream he dances around a jealous husband who hands him the wrapping of a soda bottle saying it is a money order...

he flings it explaining in another language that it is pure envy...

sees the crowd and one face stands out like in the italian scene of a canto there werent those girls there was one face...

formed in uneven circle of thugs he becomes the bully and bashes some man down so that only his arm is raised for being held bloody swollen like some erection fresh deflowring a virgin or dirty from devilish menstrual blood tale your pick...

tossed like a plectrum from a guitar player he runs away before the mans pals can gang up on him his heart racing hides among scattered clothes like a coward...

awakes with last years pain and blurry eyes...

he might not have escaped feeling kicked all over his left side and right side of head throbbing...

he is elsewhere and will be until something is settled but has no idea if what that could be...

the sun strikes the usual chords, by ten thirty he is stoned having edited the line to hashish sun in his imagination...

it crumbles over his head in tan bits and bitter dust...

a gust of himself returns...while in arles the birthday girl complains why did ia the vg get the white pony she gets everything omg she doesnt even look like the lone ranger...

now then, they yes worldwide conspiracy easy to fact check have been engaged in constant seeding of stories hinting at power plant recording engineer era to measure reaction or maybe something more sinister...

acronym of fake political party soon to be in power in the spicorama puppet state spells out same letters as one of his involvements...

there it is the breaking point! as if!!!

more foolish than the old bag with the colombian...

hmm, the hours and accomplishment beyond there and then amount to...

he huffs and puffs, disappointed at a world that is willing to put up with that sort of thing while sibera is burning...

they specialize in stereotypes, which grants some ease when say dismissing a character or demon...

sure he has typed to music sounds yet so did marquez...

it is hilarous. only not in any way funny.

the system is falling apart, temporary band aids on a gushing cut that deep will not hold.

the plan is in place, plain as day in red and white: the charade of the democrats can no longer be covered up otherwise we would have hillary trying again, india is taking up land that could be used to ease the chinese burden among other things, and the planet requires a very serious overhaul.

that is to say, if the sun is getting him high or if he used aluminum foil and duct tape to play stick ball on columbus avenue what does it matter when the future is at stake?



chapter 47

My guess is that the person was mistaken as a food item. In this area of Maine and depending on how close to shore the event occurred, my guess is it was a white shark.

No one is able to explain the reason why the land shark on drug fueled slit skit is so impossibly funny, in the same way that no two groups of people can agree on the exact sequence of events which followed the twenty second of november six three...

aleksandra wrote across the upper section of my chest and then said she forgot to give me a key and then produced a single silver skeleton key seemingly provided from the 1800s.

americans only want to meet other americans and complain over how they cant get a good hamburger in whatever town beyond the states they find themselves in.

true in naked lunch, and still.

Crafted film from Croft camera missing one shot.

He paused like the edited zapruder film does not show, for hours, for days...

the bullet rolled out of his head said the transvestite to the texan both cool as siberia used to be...

a comment beneath the tape employed the phrase dylan would title his attempt at living up to no bell price...

one would think well it was the fbi no doubt but not wholly as the secret service stories go round and round...

they part ied all night, they were called off, they were caught off guard, they stopped they slowed someone even said their gun went off by miss take...

somewhere the thought that the driver had who was ss greer not to be confused with debut actor milo in chelsea dho but the angle of course not if you mean the neck wound a doctor claimed was entry not exit and jkf's quick double choke hold suggests the swallow of something he did not want to ingest...

sins of the father son said well he was catholic...

ulster protestant projected mailer two sets of shooters involving elements of the cia...

hundreds thousands books later it is still mystery as perhaps it was intended to be...

a design so devious and majestic well let us say, the devil...that castle in the forest agency,

AG in NYC backed by the Clash sang I don't like the see i ay they killed kennedy...

or to runaround back some paragraphs aliens...

we have these pyramids and this wisdom the yid they may have stole passing it off as their own hid in a hundred and nine towns and we have november 22 nineteen sixty three...

clive staples lewis and aldous huxley throw him home a hail mary which he fingertip feels yet cannot touchdown...

tackled by bitches, forced to punt for the three points...

houston we have an assassination...

transvestite and texan stood to gain along with the war machine dollars but do we dare believe that, he does not dare...

despite knowing the stories of roman emperors et tu of lincoln theater of hitler twenty jew lie...

these men served most of their lives to preserve amerikkka...

there had to be, unless it was a satanic instance of convergance complete with missing organ, a plan...

a plan so secret that even if he knew he would be hard pressed to write...to even whisper it to himself...

easier to pen a star trek script...

easy there, rider...venusians have been...

a devastating blow...

uhm he weeps once or twice as if he is watching some sorrow merger of films but especially when he hears the speech, that inauguration speech; man woman or teen it will get you even if you knew his pops were a rum runner with shady connections or even if you knew he was standing where his older brother might have stood...the ring of logical expectation resounds with a mighty thunder which then must have thrilled yet now feeling the empty void replete with riddles despairs even the strong.

as the problem with the "plan" is that it could or should have been carried out away from his woman, wouldn't you?

aha so back we go, hoffa, the mafia, the cubans, the russians, the new orleans triangulation clay weirdness gay, or say even the most drastic suicide ever planned to return to that idea for a lit second and suddenly decide no, that is, we dont know...

"and to remember that, in the past, those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside."

yet we do know the extended body count, the obvious magic bullet farce, and them that agree that LHO pulled off three or four shots in a couple of seconds on a rinky dink italian mail order rifle from a low floor depository mid day break with perhaps varying calibers one of which still shiny when presented as evidence...

pat see jack ru by...

we hope if planned it saved us from something we fear to imagine for what can be worse than the death of a true hope?

some type of war along the vietnam they say he planned not to napalm look now mcnamara how strange no covid 19 in saigon...

the torch was passed yes and now an eternal flame but only at his burial ground...

ted in the plane then in the car, robert at the hotel (elbow temp TEC recently passed then official story 13 from 8 stabbed in prison his death sentence commuted to life except not like interview charlie or who wants to hear about man palestine son...)

wife seemingly pawned to high bid while the opera singer blew her nose...

books to edit yes yet he is not holding back it is that the reality is like an acid trip with remnants of the other ss practice in cambodia...we need to lose it and leave some visible skulls, bones...

yelling from yale, ca:m:bod, ia ... the word males you females you you think since so many are or have been on mass grave "cam" before now camcorders...

Schutzstaffel, first transmission into deep space bell ac dc hell where was he cam, camp they termed those work camps "concentration" amps...

mein soylent green kampf sign it says it write there worry makes you free...the last trial of the last guard a suspended sentence for following orders...

shoe staff shoot stuff elvis shot stifle...everything on tv becomes a trifle...

we sole fillet file it all under fish rifle and cucumber...it belongs to the cucumbers the white album the white out autopsy...

el che televised tour bolt spy...

shooter under the sewer or seat? a reason for jaws "you are going to need a bigger boat", no not him he truly feels it the loss of senator president all across america and bolivia and belgium and everywhere.

in that manner wherein nothing ever was as funny after words as that skit slit lightly on those seventies screens...

"Mrs. Bar Barsen Bargen Barsen...candygram...unicef!"

he would, rather step back to some other november, november 14 moby dick 1851.

american date publication by harpers & brothers new york. five thousand eight hundred and forty five weeks previous to the mystery month in question...

"it is not down in any map; true places never are."

they doan ah call it secret service for nuthin!

6 kislev 5724

not to exonorate, judge, crucify, or join yet to mourn in peace somehow far from the rumours with the slippery knowledge that any conspiracy or pact was in fact to a city and town purpose. a point.

it's the only viable conclusion otherwise we'll all be looking over our shoulders forever.

how diverse might two fridays be...

he rises and washes the ink from his dream, that bacon swiss cheese burger sure was a scream, the details fade we went to the moon and we are going to mars ah yes he remembers now, herman melville (gansevoort) killed president kennedy, he sighs, or the whale.



chapter 48

Dressed up in anti laser clothing and shoes, he walked away from the neverending data pouring out of the nineteen sixties.

over thirty countries sent coal furniture, diamonds, metal squishers, and even erotic artifacts.

England that year, held the great exhibition in hyde park...

the new york times opened up shop, he was told by some belgian undercover detectives as word came from the present that space x had returned....

his excitement was as ephemeral as aristotle's when realizing how much a bouvier could spend...onassis not the philosopher.

excuse me that werent space but some drunken bender in tiajuana yeah that cosmonaut only saw the space within empty grand marnier bottles...oh come on, you can hear the director in the background saying think of brad pitt fighting the monkey in ad astra...

we call this bullshit, but hope we are wrong...

the crystal ship in london was much more scientific...

good morning, yes put those funds into microsoft they got the government to point the sell or get banished gun at the emerging tikky tokky...

jabberwockey..

he splashes down, landing atop of aleksandra and later thinking my oh my dakota sure did remind him of miss goo avower in the home wrecker scene season two...

baby we caint have babies because we be baby...

put a finger down if you ate a poem...

not d cups but delicious...devil may care women in tank top army of braless freedom...

alburquerqee sniff cloth flowers stop and smell the heads buried down on her crotch...

others shadow work or manifest...

one directs him to rocky jones, but he knows miss spears is only a southern girl still proving that the once upon a time confederates can yet rule the world with only one chaotic skinny girl

curiously the ships on that show were vx one and vx two...

a self propelled cadavar carrier crosses his imagination...

shay pulls all nighters at the sixty room quality inn south carolina he asked nikki haley even if part of him thinks she is only john kerry in drag...and another part dislikes his easy swoop into humor anyway its too humid...

a product of that lonesome feeling hounding some insecurity or egomania...

democrats intent on making the vice president a woman but waiting for the last minute to finish burying the dirt...

a headline said those kids killed miss majors over ten mere dollar greenbacks and that there was film of her fighting them off even biting one hand...

put a finger down if you think this is how the world ends...

he cannot tell if he feels more deeply over her or that day on dallas...

son volt plays looking at the world through a windshield...

awake with the satellite overhead searching the thermal shapes and movements in your room...

no dream memory...perhaps lauren gromley...pretty belfast, he had been considering how Tsaritsyn became Stalingrad which in turn evolved into, Volgograd all reconstructed near as nice as dresden...

oh the nazi, with germany once more, ha!

initials fuhrer, seriousky there is no anti semi truck rolling to load sixteen tons here or any actual racist segregation sure one could wish but even ellen is having to bend over backwards before getting shut down and few folks are as nice as she...

obviously he has made his dislikes clear yet to mask preferences well let us put place it thusly nobody likes everybody and that includes children. 

ooh child, you could 

be jailed in some places for airing world war two opinions if six was three or so pollyanna polyester no need to iron...

imagine that exclammation point, yes work camps, they wanted production especially when the russians dug in, even brought in whores for the men as motivation, yes the census wont add up, not in europe, not at that time...no matter what any ol boll weevil sayeth...

night, and day, the battle is spelled out in orwell farm in kafka you married a cockroach in burroughs exterminator...

he thought to limit it to individuality yet like a nickleback song this train wont stop...

and you are gonna clean that spot aha till you get that shiny clean _ soul seems should be getting somewhere somehow neither here nor there asylum...

and so it must be included, a further truth...

what is that word ah -no reference to heil- ghouls, a lot of them ghouls will stand there straightfaced and flat out lie their three eyes out...

does he mean to call us the monopoly country...indian tik tok...

interior minister hindu dead now is the time...tie leer dresden...

isnt he that echo that made us edit that other story...

pete and repeat sold wqxr, but the reverberation is obviously from manipulation some russians claim they have no choice never seeing the dictatorship stateside after prelude the day the music died texas car ride execution dallas...

used to stick candles up his ass or some thong..

pest and no eat rest, if only we had something like drug in ass smuggling or terrorism pamphlets on him...anyway he claims it was holy war.

is that why he used to shave his balls, the melted candle wax...

bat shit crazy, the jews never have they ever taken nuthin!

flame cries wick -

but without proof he cannot argue yet argument was not the objective as some sort of fact will suffice for the recircling exodus, no?

if only you could see this as a chance to come clean and move on...

he wants to depopulate india as you do palestine, why wait? 

free as a burd, is it his friendship with the fab four erm three uhm two...

can we get ringo what they are giving turd joe to make it past november...

those bastards grew beards, sang hey jude, as if!

well he did stand his pizza ground, so what if nicholson views the tele and bob watches conspiracy videos...

that last chapter proves his ameri cc anism is red blooded high...

all the while one handed thumb typing concerned that it would hurt trump somehow...

prolly a ploy or proxy to lure the north american sales numbers, you know how everything is commercial commerce communication.

la la la la, nah you caint fake quality.

of course he might end up like reed in red square as the last of putin's cheer squad...

you know what he says about the n word and the s word and the s n word and we cant be certain but there might laytent feelings over the l word but for sure the m word oh of course the d word wait how many letters are left?

maybe he only really likes the p word...hmm, lol, smh, idk...mostly he hates how snl never returned to anything as eclectic, electric...

make his funk the p funk huh...

these are the only two cjapters he has returned to several times in the tome...

well there was thirty six...hmm yeah showing off for satan except that was addition whereas here we have seen actual editing...

well nobody prays for poor ol lucifer not the saints not the sinners...

it seems he starts with a shark but ends with a whale, well fish is fish, no?

they prolly both taste the same you know like chicken or barbecue dog at the wet market...

uhm diners club international master church fx no relation to 1966 cat act...

flashback the great elle flaps her bird arms in honor of nacho libre at the priest...

if only his partner would not have reminded him of her girl parts oh why do all women have vaginas...just one yes a daughter with a no pussy sister...

nun?

ok so all im asking is if you saw me in the woody allen would you fall in...

Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Switzerland and Sweden all neutral at axis...

pronounced lehnerd free as i cant change wont you fly...this segue werent no chapter no only a prayer for a missing amish girl pennsylvania last seen red car over a month gone by ten k reward no takers uncle talked one detained the ride soon to wheels he realizes those nightmares he is reluctant to hear might be her...

let us not allow the world to end again.



chapter 49

notes in case of required or requested elaboration on one subject...

twelve million, the population of canada, which is twice the size of europe, stood in 1945...

there are claims that twenty percent of poland vanished during the war with numbers counted from 36 million down to 25 in 1946 wherein a post war pogrom took place somehow...

hmm the after party...of the horrific feast...

in contrast russian numbers rose by two million despite all conflicts...

note history spells their casualty as sixteen million!

if the first of these sets of numbers are factual, it would mean half of that country gone in terms of humans..

here is where his belief in that part of history wavers...

although he understands there was an attempt to diminish certain sections of society in order to bring forth a stronger healthier world, he cannot find the truth to sing along to...

that is, if one weighs the historical line from say 1938 one finds seven hundred and fifty thousand people would have necessarily been executed every year until 1945 and this evaluates both start and end not on november 38 or april 45 but the entire year yes silly but not as ludicrous as counting from 1933 as some insist on doing.

two thousand plus persons everyday...eighty five or so every hour...

sure everybody knows the nazi does not take a break to eat, sleep, or anything except killing the jew...

one and a half jew per minute...

all this aint to upset nobody, sure just as the german was not human we all know the jews get real butthurt by the mere glance of reasoned thought at the horrific feast...

which is why there are no days of remebrance or gallerys with exhibitions on display related to world war two...

he is not siding with any or settling at here or there, perhaps clarifying to himself in order to escape the previous couple of chapters...

also he has not seen it addressed intellectualy or even with logic...

in recent years, amerikkka ameri cc ah you get about two million deaths naturally in a twelve month period which would take only three years to reach six million...

none of them steve austin...

for modern germany the deaths are expressed in terms of percent by the thousand that is to say there is reluctance to reveal or attempt to conceal...

not even legal to deny the hole cost in dresden.

any search for exact jewish numbers will bring up mysteriously 1933 as reminder or warning...

however one might find that in the 1920s they amounted to half a million within germany...

obviously perhaps the reason imported members were brought in from warsaw and surrounding areas...

by the way, mostly there was no return to settle back in poland not by any stretch of the imagination and by all accounts the numbers remain still low...somehow and along with a return to alternate state law...park yer yid booty in pale stein why dont you...

well low by your standards if we had our way it would be less yes it would be cyprus...

ah yes, some say six camps of death others up to twenty...

although he insists they were forced labor or work camps herein to avoid some critics he has gone with camp of death...ahem...cod.

allow us to backtrack, paragraph nine and math, fourteen or so at every camp of death every hour all day and night if there were six or if twenty of these demolition discos only four per day or so but still weekends as well which despite the possibility leaves room for doubt that is if one kills four people and follows up with a burial or burning every hour on the hour it sure would take a handful...

they say nothing is impossible but perhaps you are starting to see his point...

any made cleaner will tell you if you dont have a hole before hand it is hell he means it with the obvious exception of las vegas where all you need is enough gas to get back...

some smarty pants will say the ovens or the gas chambers...yes, each of which would have required constant expert upkeep along with the break neck schedule and obvious extra time it eould take to fully cook bone down to ash in the first scenario or move and then remove bodies for burial in the second not to mention the careful attention to detail to prevent soldiers or workers from falling in themselves into holes say thirty feet deep for yhe sake of discussion and also self contamination or even a sinister type of friendly fire...

dont flip the switch, press the button, fritz went in with the jews...come on fritz we told you how many times step out after they are all in...

is everybody in? 

of course, you will say maybe they fed the remains to their dogs, erm all right but then we need canine numbers and might as well exclude the lap breeds and so forth...it is a possibility but given the concentration on total war not reliable plus no allied story of pet rescue found at any of these places...

but that is why hitler hisself gave out medals and prizes at the annual camps of death gathering in berlin to all the extra dedicated staff...and hounds...

some even got weekend passes to neutral nations in surrounding areas...

not everything can be taken at spoken word value...one needs to see through sarcasm, propaganda, and develop objective thinking in the face of lies...

he drools at the opportunity to have a trial run of his theory in calcutta...see how many it be-

hell lebanon went with extermination today in beirut and suddenly there it is international aid...hooray for ammonium nitrate!

they were really gonna  let us yemen starve, some worried....

folks dance in the street to blondie's one way or another not the shepard dog you dig as all her barked recordings were in the waltz and polka style...

half of canada chewed up in a few years if it had been there or them...unlikely to say the least or to be blunt the third reich didnt even have fast food chains which could have chicken mcnuggeted the flesh of heebs away to have it their way castle white wait pure what yes race wrapping up now...

how to conclude an unfinished chapter ah yes, it might well be that the number is only relative to some sort of meaning as defined in secret societies or hard coded hypnotic flouride water supply intention one is not supposed to investigate or question.



chapter fifty

The dream catches him naked, vulnerable...She is lounging with three children...infants...Aliens from the land of childhood that can only communicate with mothers or well versed nurses...

They sit together, his bare left foot gently perched upon her bare right foot...

her smile reminds him momentarily of brooke or perhaps rachel...

he takes a moment to play with the babies, there are two boys and a girl...he does not like the older boy because the girl has inherited the sweet features of her mother wheares the boys not so much except perhaps the younger one...

he is starting to awake feeling pulled by some sort of soul connection in some other place just as her husband, perhaps the jealous husband arrives hovering and pressing upon the side of her neck which he protests yet cannot see the results awaking...

there are thoughts of aleksandra quickly mixed with the pufky sensation...

later, his mind wanders all the way to karli jane herein not yet presented walsh...

i could stay in the bed all the day ms walsh he giggles at the ancient skit she performed for him once upon a time around the world...

hold it wait this literary passage what the hell unles he is going to bang the legally blind woman why not continue with the candles ahem oh come on he didn't want to miss out on any of the rock star oddities you know some them butt push up a microphone or even other men...

other men in his dream as if transported downstream to nowhere he wanted to be present... 

waiting to board the airplane with the russian, they sit next to each other then suddenly he his thrown into a tumble of forced fumble navigated by bullies one with a plastic square next to his nose the other intent on a pissing contest yet he races back to her heart in thunder of desperate sky only to find himself in a ditch surrounded by prehistoric animals as a larger fiercer creature fills the lightning clouds with dark forboding gloom a godzilla alike in the jot notebook he recently purchased that reads scream for t rex and in the scene he shouts that one long shout that only knows she is a long ways away and this ancient monster is about to have him as a snack...

he can't see why anyone would be jealous...

gals fucking love you, that is why...

all right yet why is the number important well the difference between a zero or two in a bank account makes him see that the ideology of correction is not as trivial as he imagined...

at the end of the day after several mesages they said the three dollar check was not real, a fake...

for some reason he is unconcerned, more intent on finding if part of that dream scape scene was real...the infants not the t rex, could it have been two girls and only one boy...

he rubbed the cute one's belly, it had to be brooke...

down in a dream, the song hers, swam in thought...

gal ima just a jeepster for your love...

dopamine tattoo back to haunt him with adoration until interrupted...

yet it was aleksandra on his mind...he muses, the muses through the music...how many wives now, how many witches...

the mind reels, no that is instagram they say in a gunslinger's aim to shoot down tikky tokky jabberwokky,,.

as for his lebanese friends, he tells them sure but now you can really rock out to my city was gone...

a money night rate, hey ho way to go oh high oh...

fifty is where bulgakov lived...we pause now to entertain more modern methods...

whoa wait shouldn't them last two chapter be the end of him...it seems he has developed some sort of immunity to weird hit songs, virtual democratic fundraisers, and detour stories in the press, man we were hoping both him and dylan would be deported to the soviet union oh right there is no su not now...a boy named...tsu, maybe...

are y'all done, he would like to go further into now;

Kill  bury dialect black album to the edition and stand tirelessly. And stand tirelessly. Lives and Works of In these early years of marriage white bull over the earth towering! 

The earth towering! His 'Two lectures on the  husband's lasting interest in local crawl, sneaking out discussion of bite feet that smell of leap from bed in the nights a beast brought to bay, 

 Local poets such my neck, a yoke-savaged score, tornados, Gas had lectured at me - Ill dig myself out, horns-branches entangled in wires, my eyes early hours.

 Eyes early hours. Moo! Ill roar. Moo! Ill roar. eat the beef and the pork and the chicken....

 literary interests were not forgotten. Were not forgotten. Since Lovers, which was often criticized the knives of my teeth by red with blood. Red with blood. 

Above the world, of lies will rise.

 lies will rise. I'm Into an elk Ill turn, my stone  no wonder!  

no wonder!- made sharper, the educated  writing, particularly You'll A snarling dog, under the plank-

none but these.



chapter 51

seemingly shopping for pants, there are stacks of slacks in large circle at the center of some store, perhaps a mall...

a salesman most likely too friendly or perhaps used to dealing with demanding women types...

the jeans feel like prewashed, what was that ancient phrase, hmm stone washed...

the type he likes yet never buys for the prefrence of wearing them out at his own leisure...

sauntering away from the eager to please retail sales person he pauses at some point beyond finding a massive series of information gathering machines as in the elderly ibm tower systems all connected possibly capable of being trained on one single brain...

waves the worry, thought says it is some social media app place behind the scenes, he thinks they were right...

awakes feeling well traveled yet starving...

a coffee served with bread another nap only to encounter argument with sister...if your coochie hurts then you need vitamin d...

it was something silly, yet he was pretty upset...

awake to aleksandra watching fight club...

subsequent to concern as ia the vg traversed herself from vacation land to home...

ed gloats, one mention of hayek and it is over...

he fought for fifty dollar peso and then turned around to tip the same amount elsewhere...

jean harlow aint cheap...

huff puff consider coca cola stock lock shock the head honcho at pepsi co a spic a field day for anagram buffs if there any left...

yet another blondie to go way deep...

steak no potatoes...that kind of a day still an improvement over the other day...

the next day utterly jealous, she was all he could think of in the day in the night in the dream...

in the dream dreaming of himself dreaming or perhaps possessed by sub aliens intent on probe...

she traced his steps from beach to kamakura on the seventy fifth anniversary of the explosion...

that was how the world used to end...

her knit top and ripped shorts...

in a glorious anxiety ridden turn she was the owner of his house...

the house that argued while the rabbi died...

tall mud...a writer like himself, seemed to understand his position unlike the jewler with secret message mask one point five million

beans on carolinas forehead not in a hundred years north of here as far as virginia...

what was family, no there was only love...

they missed the point, not numbers but accuracy or something along those lines...

he made the connection in the bunker as magda put the six children to sleep...

under the white house...

yes, even nixon questioned what is the matter with the jews, bob...

he believes once upon a tome or time there was a conspiracy but after 1945 another conspiracy to cover up the first has got us all baffled...

you see or you will see that otherwise no newish jewish joe or even his partner would be put through such hellish screw tiny...

and there are a bunch of them even folks never before heated up or heard of are poured out for drinks via the press hype...

which sounds at times more like a conspiracy against them than by them...

buy them, no he is not urging you to buy anything...

olwyn selected sublime earrings, he sighed...

she seemed to glow and at long last he could see the squint of her sisters beauty...

astrid, his own nom de plume alias pseudonym not that it helps with amazon sales...

no sir...no way...good stories they say keep it simple but they dont mean it...

like an uncle unheard of fifteen years suddenly in your head like how...

then cousin by marriage dream not spoken to in a third of those years...

walking away the violin plays...

love itself always pays...

he counts his jealousy in aberration coins, discontinued currencies...

it is adoration yet he cannot get that envy when someone else holds her attention...

logic needs to survive of course chained up he could keep her without worry but to have to feed that lap dog...no...

he will love her as love was intended to be or as far as murphys erm literary irony or et cetetra allow...

inka and sara nicole in cars with mothers, one at the road rage the other accepting applications for new momma...

mama mia, not once do they look back with nostalgia as the years pass...yes, you amanda...

not knox too busy weighing in on johhny cd and all his vultures...

one eyed lou missed the open stove for cleaning for the third time in two months...

then stormed even in turning it off that it was off...

if off is on what how who when oh why case 39 flashes on the fox classics screen kid in the oven kicking and screaming one eyed lou screeches shuts herself in a grab for geritol and amaretto gargle leaving him to consider how to remove the tricky knob but you know how stoves are oh hell or well tape again with magic marker arrow thisaway...

he calms down from the disription trying to puppet him into endless talk and even speak to me spic in your spicorama...

camels, the alienist, and three art works for aleksandra no linger jealous longer no jesus crossed with self rightous ness eliott and or capone...

how is that? the chicago way? in the series everybody knowd john amore said he was going to break it off after such good lovin homewrecker my daughter got him oh so excellent five and six yet seven and eight he was wishy washy then sorry knocked her up so no way now and i hope the kid looks like my brudder or perhaps he missed a beat ...nah he was viewing intently...

he felt all right overall especially lazlo but that bit irked him gave him the icks to borrow from the third wheel other places emma...

here earthy now he is also known as waldo and waldo will sometomes stretch out part of a word like a singer in song talk...

he thought he needed  ways to explain that bellowing sound...it was a bee youu tiff all bay bee...hmm no the linger must be longer...

it waaaas a beeeeeeee youuuuuuuu teeee fill baybeeeee...

you said drop the ds, jimmy responded not the last one...

forget about it. kitty burns...

well, nearly made him want to be a woman detective at 8 oh 8 broadway...

chloe made it a play date, he considered later as his soul filled with joy at news of aleksandra...it was not the happy exuberant unbound thrill of say or see, it was the feeling that she usually gave him that everything was where it should be even as fakers takers and other makers all marched their bully walk from d day and that april into august now september soon and so on...



chapter 52

Dorothy Pollack, now newly with a tender sea green tattoo frog upon her hundred and three year old forearm, rode off on the back of a harley davidson. That is to say, August was shaping up!

jade christine the chair...

he sat in a dark room lights those little ones like on a pine christmas tree faraway in a grey smoke glow with some feeling of fleeting importance and aleksandra then awaking at nearly an hour after noon all the details fading fast like morning piss going here and there in a splurt splash motion emotion not wanting to wake up anyone or disturb yet day in the dust storm of distractions...he wonders over the dream like sumner redstone hanging on to life on the edge of a fire...

his thoughts were fiery and filled suddenly with worry for the old bag of course she could take care of herself but he sensed other powers intent on overturning the tide...in disguises no one knows, ahem black hole sun line, they plot and plan then wham bam without a 5hank you maam boom and everyone is left to wonder what happened...

leading party selection announced made her run for cover in between he watched two films he liked a lot despite the bad press  : waiting for the barbarians in which he could see himself in either or characters and burnt orange heresy in which he could see how high stakes politics had always worked...

they were working overtime to win and it seemed to him they had in fact polluted the world and ordered riots for good measure as if it werent enough dug even deeper to claw into her meaning also him for what was he without his muses...they were him as well as he was himself...

in the second film you see the dirty deed was never said only suggested in the vaguest of hints which is how these things must go down...

he hated thinking of conspiracy in a supposedly free country yet he reminded himself weirder things had happened throught history, even as recent chapters betray modern history...also to further conplicate the signature it might well be fallout from some distant fracture, deployed fact multiplicating or dividing itself in a quantum move shadow dimension of inner space driving him away from poetry yet the poet is bound to his inspiration in singular or plural fashion...

it could be no other way as miley stepped in with an eighties infused independence track and several stories which he felt told him they were still friendly in that distant rock star way of the world...

sweet inner rhyme this time meanwhile

his own track delayed with cover art argument...

lauren held balloons, lucky isreal didnt see her as palace teen he wondered upon waking from dream in which a group of men surrounded a woman pale as siberian bear fur in his apartment then she alone in his room partly undressed speaking of manifestations as he wondered over the ways of lucifer touching her yet thinking as if blinded by dream haze that he might be fooled all at once finding himself floating a couple of feet above her head yet feeling as if still holding hands...

at the piano bar in tokyo aleksandra sang along to a song he had not heard before...

the dream brought to mind her screen where upon the stream two lovers reach to hold each others hands just as the door opens revealing an interruption...

he did not feel like writing after sending in a requested article for a sensationalist journal...

fluff, yes yet edgy and exciting with room for expansion, elaboration...

as it was he was intent on creation yet in yerms no terms of pictures...

in the moving pictures there is the implication that the story behind the painting can fluctuate the viewer's impression -

of course, good or great art simply is with or without the tale yet there is something special about presentation...that is how it is presented...here is a drawing by famous name...well it right away even if trash takes on a value perhaps sadly...

weird now to recall he started this skip days chapter with the name pollack...

dripping wet and wife...he is not trying for a masterpiece yet it may september...

october...quietly sending them to her only...

if there is a story, in that instance, it should be up to her to say tell it for he well slept to catch up to her time zone beauty.



chapter 53

he dreamt of a little ugly girl, didnt want to look at her face and pulled up her legs to gaze at her feet...

he doesnt want to look at more conspiracies, especially this type that no one will speak of outside of you tube comments or reddit perhaps...

of course they might not even now the full extent of their actions as ignorance is still bliss alas he owes the reader some of what he feels...

a hoffa fueled misterio waltzes right into the oval, where teen trump turns a whiter shade of orange, yeah that is how it is and how it will be

sudfenly the gate from eyes wide shut comes between them and the note to stop further investigatoon is handed huntin wabbits...

but im the leader of the free world a billionaire, did he say?  all right pull the plug on the viacom vampire cut off the blood supply...

hmm, maybe he didnt get the honk hint, cat up the brother with raw audio and see how much blood seeps into other organs...

on the move now, ahem the united states of fear one big ol guantamo guajira whatever...

crowds out space the resource facilities, we have race riot syndromes some of them others post demonstration disorders one bitch threw a bottle of juice at her own wound shield...

yes he do think after days consideration tjat is the planet plan with turd joe prepaid to press...

however, he do want it to not be so...he sensed perhaps in consideration that the president is tired of the fight and the oppositions facade...

prepared to let it go, even taking a wild swing at popular social media...

help me lose this election...but that is contrary to a business mans nature which is why cryptocurrency is like crack to portfolio investors and stock market mavens who would otherwise spend the weekend waiting for the markets to open on monday...

there is no clear clarity for him upon these matters yet good stories, no?

therefore somewhere in between somewhere neither wet nor dry...

but that is the place that nobody knows...

the cover agents have come to believe their cover stories...

grab them by the propaganda...

he cannot place any faith in the democrats not as they stand or as he explained the pay off did not arrive in time to secure him staying out of it...

three hundred thousand pounds, sounds right yet it went wrong...

therefore denounciation proceeds in the nation along with his natural inclination to support the apprentice...

perhaps he is the little girl, and the writer in that dream was trying to see which way he was going now that the gig was on the line.

whatever the case, it cannot be denied, these hours were well beyond weird as the kenyan birthed hoax washed up with the F word right there in the middle of oh what was it Belarus and yes another oil tanker spill east of eden...

jammed betwixt poland and russia, the people protested as if the police had killed a so called minority...

to be in politics was to be in trouble, he was thrilled to be in the artistic position instead...

reports needed to be slowed and the slowness crept into him making the days and nights blur away into a mesh of quicksand pulling for nothing more than a bit of rest.

of course, shakespeare was right the rest is, silence.

and yet these words, why? no why!  or as stated, to go further one might calculate everthing beyond november sixty three as the puppet show from hell and the howevers or even wherevers are byproducts of said function which means the excuse to break the silence is an attempt to make or remake the "union" as we would wish the american dream not ever nightmare.

are we lucky to have this much or are we lost in the land that was supposed to be ours?

you might see these words as free speech, yet the freedom is mutilated in every sense and destroyed in every scene for one fact alone that being that no matter the news, the truth, or even the holy weather we go about the walkways afterwards well beyond the reaches of revolution as in you cannot ask the ATM for your cash in coins and the powers that bee or buzz are like the limits of said machine sure there is a main branch somewhere or so they themselves have been led to believe.

once in a while, he has been near that top shelf outpost yet there is no consistancy in the results or even the timeline therein...its own internal clock service which allows one revenue or not as it deems as it seems...

he can only trust it as far as he can trust himself and knowing the foible and folly inherent in man woman or teen well, well indeed.

yes an astounding dizzying and impossible to consider chapter not that he has something to prove but to provide the reader proof of at least his side of commitment to prose here put no golf course yakety yak.



Chapter 54

Up in the sky, it's a bird or a plane...The asteroid swam by some said the size of a car well a tesla well a pick up truck...

He had, so you will perhaps better understand just finished another series of prints for aleksandra and one of them involved superman not the kinks song...

had another sneeze and i blew my nose...

There was an overwhelming feeling that nothing more could be done without her in fact for days he waited, waltzing in a trance only to have that distant knowledge when she posted a picture...

She had not in a couple of days and it wore him down with delirious worry...

Meanwhile the preoccupation pressed into his dreams wherein he could see himself walking down the road that used to lead to where he lived except the pizza shop on that block was the one on seventy second street...he ordered a slice and found that he was not wearing pants... the skin suprised him for pockets and he sauntered out encountering a roadblock in the form of a duffle bag in which a man stuffed two t shirts which he proceeded to throw out in disdain at both the man and the tees...

bourbon gina smiles truly a draqon and to think all that practice busting up asteroids at the postmodern pinball machine...

wizard dream trapped in two countries no borderline visible - bi-poultry disorder no he will not wing it, sing it his new track out brings him into the whirlwind...

woman where are you, yet the same distant knowledge tells him she is already here or was before his doubts and desires drove her mad...

sees her at the door that adorable smile is it goodbye or is it hello...

kitty on the sofa in to catch a thief...fifteen pretenders trying to present their manhood as the new president of speak to me spic in your spicorama banana...flying the corona banner he wonders what type of seltzer water they think they are going to mix their drinks with...

obviously something is going down, but what and why is it anywhere near him...oh, the rich people trying to get richer with appointed positions, diplomatic posts...imagine these changes like cages...

his own bars rattle, the dream continues like a cheerleader's concussion that awful house where kin have killed tranquility...

his mother in bed with some child and her ex husband naked with another kid he walks past these scenes wondering why the window is missing parts...he attempts to fix the slants gone only to find his own clothes slipping away as he awakes with ia the vg as intimate as a wife yet it could have been eline...

elevations elevators elvis when he wroted that he meant to say with the exception of nixon...

admits to puritan roots in his stone heart yet blessed are them that never have to see certain types of skin...

he ponders it might be the reason for dress codes at work and other places...

instagram nipples, somewhere a bra races...

he only saw his grandmother naked once after she was olden frail and it does not fail to find its way back into his thoughts every so often meaning he is possibly correct in wanting to see all the sights...

doctor commits suicide every night unable to unsee what his hands have touched....

nurse jumps out the window...

dawn birds feed on the remains...

ever see a pigeon eating chicken, well of course it does something to you to your sense or definition of cannibalism...

someone was trying to make him feed on his own memories memos or even movements even as they held him down to here or there...

and yet he was far from them from it all even from himself unheard for her...

for her, as it had always.

for her, as it had - 

for her.

He knew he did not and could not matter without her, he hardly wanted anything except to impress her in some fashion that would please her that would make even her ancestors proud that all their lives had melted down to make him see her as they had made her here and now.

He was in fact living not in the earthly flesh and bone yet in a dream that was like itself endless...

In the tome now of too many chapters the reader will find some romance and even more intimate encounters and while they were all worthy of envy and even excellent in feeling he had not yet found that what he really wanted was to be that faraway mystery longing for her without saying a word other than what art might reflect.

They will say some of them were marriages and he will not disagree except he has no real guide which would tour him through how to handle such a maze...

Amazed he aims to keep his word still wondering how is it done, should a person only have a handful of friends where after a certain number a blur sets in instead of individuals,,,

filled with love one might still be foiled...

he sees the stars are muted, the statesmen repeat the music already played...

everybody dances like nothing has ever happened or nothing ever will...

immigrants travel with orders to infiltrate via their offspring that later protest well we were born here...

a generation or two later they can run rampant...

from there anything is possible...let us call the bookstore borders...

he has his orders and these are them following themselves...

the bliss which for him, is not, he has found ignorance, no it is the knowledge that only she can bring in ring in sing in just like worship even at a distance.

strict religious lust plays def leppard photograph and waits in heaven's forever...

he stands at the farm's arcade multiplex  in a copycat stance of himself one hand on the flex handle and the other prepared to both aim and blast incoming boulders before they bounce near you will hear it is an all day job but that is not true because once in a while it is also all night.



Chapter 55

It was three in the morning, four in the afternoon within next day japan...

he had awoken gently although from strange spic land dreams - all cozy with sibling for some reason and then some sort of car treason which kept switching directions with family well at this point nearly strangers...

i wandered again to my home in the valley...

the ancient song appears as if the ghost of jery garcia has granted him a moment...

it was in fact a musical day as soon he was free of the scenes, deep purple dream revolved in his thoughts along with the image of her...

he had neither thought of or remembered that one in a while...

her image made him sigh he bathed and even put on fresh clothes...

taking out the trash his pinky hurt for reasons he could not guess and then it passed...

pleasing himself with her post he climbed through quick art times four then six...

later ones perhaps improved by the conjuring of willie deville when someone mentioned herself  as not only white but also trash...aha he thought white trash girl...

looked it up, played it...

he knew he loved her yet he had no idea how much joy said feeling could bring...

like a drug that leaves you wanting nothing other than her safety and her return...

the fix was quick seen as if hot spoon as soon as that filled with bliss...

she played with the poodle as he thought of the forged ex leader calling the apprentice a reality show when he had been the one to crash and nearly kill leno with his antics...

meanwhile actual leaders denounced the election in belarus declaring it a fraud...no need bring up the coup in mali why kick a phony when hes down and delivering for a groper in any case the late show host survived...

not that the death of leno would have been such a bad thing at least not for the memory of  carson or his true heir letterman...

letters, he had to type up something to his pen pal, but could not seem to find a minute within the madness...

at least the sadness had lifted, yet he knew well that the only sure things in life were death and indeed taxes...

his own internal review found an overload and she suggested that the weight be divided hinting at the polina trust, reluctantly he tried...

he had first met the trust in the back of a car after both had finished on a photo shoot...

she seemed a hoot with her gene simmons tongue pierced far from the tip which could be seen as suggestive by gladiator perverts and the rest of the predators...

for a second he felt swallowed by her as if she were aware of much more than he could imagine still secure since she was with her that is far from the usual paranoia that reaches those that have been known for some or better said certin types of art...

no doubt a graduate from the voyeur school of spy craft and magic...

he went along with the set up, for no other reason to attempt to please aleksandra...

he had, without too much of a second thought, handed her his own key in much the manner that she had done in his dream except he did not write upon her...

here is where he is sure that much greater forces are at work or to sort of paraphrase dante when speaking of his muse behold a god greater than i -

if memory serves...angels, there was also mention of anyelina and both of them from samara which he had a very special fondness even more than volgograd which was briefly stalingrad and originally tsaritsyn...

did he already write the evolution of those names oblast once in a while he is stiil too fast to let it form a memo in memory as the upset woman throws out clothes of her man through a winter window in remembrance of the other city...a long ago fight in samara light...

then here suddenly horned sweaters and plaid pajama pants...

such pretty girls and yet it was only her that held him truly...

the night sped while the afternoon seeped into evening...

wait he wanted to skip back, held him truly yes even more than he could himself -

her return seemed to bring him directly to one of his recent songs, the one that was battled for and won by resisting to give up and perhaps hoping intently while soaking in the bath thinking no way is that bass line going to get lost in the shuffle of laptop confusion...

its echo now feels like its own vindication...

searching the remembrance he feels as if a catalogue in syndication and a good a time as any to underline not ever has he agreed to have the hovering intrusion or would agree to for the simple reason of peace of mind...

he rather likes the controlled image even if less and less that is to be the likely scenario not with cell phones and surveillance equipment everywhere in our cities...

as he turned to review the look of the chapter without over reading, it occured to him that perhaps a new song was calling to be wroted...

no, it was too soon and difficult to tell if this soul he so much wanted and needed would surrender to his guitar and vocals...

he had thought for sure lauren would and it would be right as she was the actual start of the wild ride which led to so many recent songs but as anybody knows the actual process of recording is anybody;s guess...

he had also thought olwyn as her name filled him with the notion that poetry lurked all around her shadows and all he had to do was look through those lights and press down on the red button for transmission...

in any case, as it was or had become he had no choice now, her soul was mixed with his in a way he could not have foreseen or even said in a whispered hint to himself...

the saying that some marriages are made in heaven now took on a greater meaning...

even if he had not picked up his axe to groove, he decided that if nothing more came in terms of musical notes that would be all right for she was worth even more than further songs...

a spirit brushed against his door with a lightness that implied perhaps that it was not wise to heaven at these witching hours...

the horse demon had earlier thrice wanted his attention and he was willing to hear him out as he pulled the left eye itch trick and writing the words the gentle nudge at the door resounded as if a tender chuckle of course even oraborus understood that he was too deeply immersed in her and therefore practically deaf to even this powerful playful demon.

yes, the chapter woud have been possibly more of a chapter if he made up some conversation or even gerzacked the joint with some horse jive but was there a need any need to manipulate the reader for the sake of so called fiction, he thought not. no, let it as it tells itself.

itself at this point all love and even more love waiting with yes the worry that the very use of the truth words turns them around even as they are being told...

it was four in the morning and the door rang twice as five in the afternoon started to rope down the sun in the land of the rising and he grinned over the memory of her beauty wanting to make love to her while putting everything holy and even unholy on hold.

please hold, the next available chapter will be with you as soon as possible. please hold, he is drowning in the waves of her wonder...



chapter 56

bone of hand's torn flesh flashed before his eyes...there was something or someone in the back of his imagination or perhaps a convergence before his poetic dream of girls and babies found him grown up awake again in her arms faraway a raintight taxi cab to pictures he had not expected the school play her several times where he had started another book a tome he was writing for her within the art sent three chapters in a long night challenged by the possible fact that vlada could have been abused and magus actually took the revenge steps...he could hear his voice now as he typed like someone anxious to get around to the next installment it was another voice all together for her pages new and set in the long ago yet both and this one were all home him a puzzle puzzled the white bird swept through the still skies low after the hurricane water thunder lightning had waltzed and weaved away yes a first time for everything he imagined...

yet this first time with these feelings and sensations from aleksandra he could not easily find a category for to mention it would sound exaggerated even if plain truth of course not to make note as baiza would put place it well there would be no book...

let us say he loved her perhaps the way that a man should love a woman in other words with everything he had...

even trust polina's allure which had only days before seemed tempting at the instant imagined touch now held no such posture except yes in that dream so much as her own post position that evening well he may be speaking too soon for a girl might well whip a man especially a writer right down to his knees yet as it was truly aleksandra reigned over his desire...

a want that kept him wanting which explains the aforementioned words on truth and overstatement which it seems yet is...

and within this weakness and seeing the cure start to arrive in variations with the opposition in no hurry to come clean or discuss clones he realizes that this tome needs to be concluded, ahem closed. 

he would want to have a formula for balancing wives yet presently he seems to be doing fine under the radar with some infiltration as would be expected still this new wife that feels as if eternity had come and gone and we together were only replaying the remembrance is all i could have wished or wanted.

to wed.

that said, it is not putting down anyone else despite the rising tide of envy no it is within myself that with her requires only that myself worships her until now in all ways save music.

well, maybe new songs will come along down the line as they seem to always yet even without the notes she makes my world hum with devotion and delight, the end
